

Well, I don't know why I love you like I do
Nobody in the world can get along with you
You got the ways of a devil sleeping in a lion's den
I come home last night you wouldn't even let me in.

Oh sometimes you're as sweet as anybody want to be
Oh when you get the crazy notion of jumping all over me
Well, you give me the blues, I guess you're satisfied
When you give me the blues I wanna lay down and die.

I helped you when you had no shoes on your feet, pretty mama
I helped you when you had no food to eat
Now you're the kind of woman that just don't understand
You're taking all my money and give it to another man.

Well, you're that kind of woman makes a man lose his brains
You're that kind of woman drives a man insane
Well, you give me the blues, I guess you're satisfied
You give me the blues, I wanna lay down and die.


Oh the time will come up
When the winds will stop
And the breeze will cease to be breathin'
Like the stillness in the wind
'Fore the hurricane begins
The hours when the ship comes ind.

And the seas will split
And the ship will hit
And the sands on the shoreline will be shaking
Then the tide will sound
And the wind will pound
And the morning will be breaking.

Oh the fishes will laugh
As they swim out of the path
And the seagulls they'll be smiling
And the rocks on the sand
Will proudly stand
The hour that the ship comes in.

And the words that are used
For to get the ship confused
Will not be understood as they're spoken
For the chains of the sea
Will have busted in the night
And will be buried at the bottom of the ocean.

A song will lift
As the mainsail shifts
And the boat drifts on to the shoreline
And the sun will respect
Every face on the deck
The hour that the ship comes in.

Then the sands will roll
Out a carpet of gold
For your weary toes to be a-touchin'
And the ship's wise men
Will remind you once again
That the whole wide world is watchin'.

Oh the foes will rise
With the sleep in their eyes
And they'll jerk from their beds and think they're dreamin'
But they'll pinch themselves and squeal
And know that it's for real
The hour that the ship comes in.

Then they'll raise their hands
Sayin' we'll meet all your demands
But we'll shout from the bow your days are numbered
And like Pharaoh's tribe
They'll be drownded in the tide
And like Goliath, they'll be conquered.


You walk into the room
With your pencil in your hand
You see somebody naked
And you say, "Who is that man ?"
You try so hard
But you don't understand
Just what you'll say
When you get home.

Because something is happening here
But you don't know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones ?

You raise up your head
And you ask, "Is this where it is ?"
And somebody points to you and says
"It's his"
And you says, "What's mine ?"
And somebody else says, "Where what is ?"
And you say, "Oh my God
Am I here all alone ?"

But something is happening here
But you don't know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones ?
 
You hand in your ticket
And you go watch the geek
Who immediately walks up to you
When he hears you speak
And says, "How does it feel
To be such a freak ?"
And you say, "Impossible"
As he hands you a bone.

And something is happening here
But you don't know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones ?

You have many contacts
Among the lumberjacks
To get you facts
When someone attacks your imagination
But nobody has any respect
Anyway they already expect you
To all give a check
To tax-deductible charity organizations.
You've been with the professors
And they've all liked your looks
With great lawyers you have 
Discussed lepers and crooks
You've been through all of
F. Scott Fitzgerald's books
You're very well read
It's well known.

But something is happening here
And you don't know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones ?

Well, the sword swallower, he comes up to you
And then he kneels
He crosses himself
And then he clicks his high heels
And without further notice
He asks you how it feels
And he says, "Here is your throat back
Thanks for the loan".

And you know something is happening 
But you don't know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones ?

Now you see this one-eyed midget
Shouting the word "NOW"
And you say, "For what reason ?"
And he says, "How ?"
And you say, "What does this mean ?"
And he screams back, "You're a cow
Give me some milk
Or else go home".

Because something is happening 
But you don't know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones ?

Well, you walk into the room
Like a camel and then you frown
You put your eyes in your pocket
And your nose on the ground
There ought to be a law
Against you comin' around
You should be made 
To wear earphones.

Does something is happening 
And you don't know what it is
Do you, Mister Jones ?


Oxford Town, Oxford Town
Ev'rybody's got their hats bowed down
The sun don't shine above the ground
Ain't a-goin' down to Oxford Town.

He went down to Oxford Town
Guns and clubs followed him down
All because his face was brown
Better get away from Oxford Town.

Oxford Town around the bend
He comes to the door, he couln't get in
All because of the color of his skin
What do you think about that, my frien' ?

Me and my gal, my gal's son
We got met with a tear gas bomb
I don't even know why we come
Goin' back where we come from.

Oxford Town in the afternoon
Ev'rybody singin' a sorrowful tune
Two men died 'neath the Mississippi moon
Somebody better investigate soon.


I once loved a girl, her skin it was bronze
With the innocence of a lamb, she was gentle like a fawn
I courted her proudly, but now she is gone
Gone as the season she's taken.

Through young summer's breeze, I stole her away
From her mother and sister, though close did they stay
Each one of them suffering from the failures of their day
With strings of guilt they tried hard to guide us.

Of the two sister, I loved the young
With sensitive instincts, she was the creative one
The constant scapegoat, she was easily undone
By the jealousy of others around her.

For her parasite sister, I had no respect
Bound by her boredom, her pride to protect
Countless visions of the other she'd reflect
As a crutch for her scenes and her society.

Myself, for what I did, I cannot be excused
The changes I was going through can't even be used
For the lies that I told her in hopes not to lose
The could-be dream-lover of my lifetime.

With unseen consciousness, I possessed in my grip
A magnificent mantelpiece, though its heart being chipped
Noticing not that I'd already slipped
To a sin of love's false security.

From silhouetted anger to manufactured peace
Answers of emptiness, voice vacancies
Till the tombstones of damage read me no question but, "Please
What's wrong and what's exactly the matter ?"

And so it did happen, like it could have been foreseen
The timeless explosion of fantasy's dream
At the peak of the night, the king and the queen
Tumbled all down into pieces.

"The tragic figure" her sister did shout
"Leave her alone, God damn you, get out"
And I in my armor, turning about
And nailing her in the ruins of her pettiness.

Beneath a bare light bulb the plaster did pound
Her sister and I in a screaming battleground
And she in between, the victim of sound
Soon shattered as a child to the shadows.

All is gone, all is gone, admit it, take flight
I gagged in contradiction, tears blinding my sight
My mind it was mangled, I ran into the night
Leaving all of love's ashes behind me.

The wind knocks my window, the room it is wet
The words to say I'm sorry, I haven't found yet
I think of her often and hope whoever she's met
Will be fully aware of how precious she is.

Ah, my friends from the prison, they ask unto me
"How good, how good does it feel to be free "?
And I answer them most mysteriously
"Are birds free from the chains of the skyway"?


Some time ago a crazy dream came to me
I dreamt I was walkin' into World War Three
I went to the doctor the very next day
To see what kinda words he could say
He said it was a bad dream
I wouldn't worry 'bout it none, though
They're dreams and they're only in your head.

I said, "Hold it, Doc, a World War passed through my brain".
He said, "Nurse, get your pad, this boy's insane".
He grabbed my arm, I said "Ouch".
As I landed on the psychiatric couch
He said, "Tell me about it".

Well, the whole thing started at 3 o'clock fast
It was all over by quarter past
I was down in the sewer with some little lover
When I peeked out from a manhole cover
Wondering who turned the lights on.

Well, I got up and walked around
And up and down the lonesome town
I stood a-wondering which way to go
I lit a cigarette on a parking meter
And walked on down the road
It was a normal day.

Well, I rung the fallout shelter bell
And leaned my head and I gave a yell
"Give me a string bean I'm a hungry man"
A shortgun fired and away I ran
I don't blame them too much though
They didn't know me.

Down at the corner by a hot-dog stand
I seen a man I said "Howdy friend,
I guess there's just us two"
He screamed a bit and away he flew
Thought it was a Communist.

Well, I spied me a girl and before she could leave
"Let's go and play Adam and Eve"
I took her by the hand and my heart it was thumpin'
When she said, "Hey man, you crazy or sumpin'
You see what happened last time they started".
Well, I seen a Cadillac window uptown
And there was nobody aroun'
I got into the driver's seat
And I drove down to 42nd Street
In my Cadillac
Good car to drive after a war.

Well, I remember seein' some ad
So I turned on my Conelrad
But I didn't pay my Con Ed bill
So the radio didn't work so well
Turned on my record player
It was Rock-A-Day Johnny singin'
"Tell Your Ma, Tell Your Pa
Our Loves Are Gonna Grow Ooh-wah, Ooh-wah"
.
I was feelin' kinda lonesome and blue
I needed somebody to talk to
So I called up the operator of time
Just to hear a voice of some kind
"When you hear the beep
It will be three o'clock"
She said that for over an hour
And I hung up.

Well the doctor interrupted me just about then
Sayin' "Hey I've been havin' the same old dreams
But mine was a little different you see
I dreamt that the only person left after the war was me
I didn't see you around".

Well, now time passed and now it seems
Everybody's having them dreams
Everybody sees themselves walkin' around with no one else
Half of the people can be part right all of the time
Some of the people can be all right part of the time
But all of the people can't be all right all of the time
I think Abraham Lincoln said that
"I'll let you be in my dreams if I can be in yours"
I said that.


Corrina, Corrina
Gal, where you been so long ?
Corrina, Corrina
Gal where you been so long ?
I been worr'in' about you, baby
Baby, please come home.

I got a bird that whistles
I got a bird that sings
I got a bird that whistles
I got a bird that sings
But I ain't a-got Corrina
Life don't mean a thing.

Corrina, Corrina
Gal, you're on my mind
Corrina, Corrina
Gal, you're on my mind
I'm a-thinkin' about you, baby
I just can't keep from crying.


Honey, just allow me one more chance
To get along with you
Honey, just allow me one more chance
Ah'll do anything with you
Well, I'm a-walkin' down the road
With my head in my hand
I'm lookin' for a woman
Needs a worried man
Just-a one kind favor I ask you
Allow me just-a one more chance.

Honey, just allow me one more chance
To ride your aeroplane
Honey, just allow me one more chance
To ride your passenger train
Well, I've been lookin' all over
For a gal like you
I can't find nobody
So you'll have to do
Just-a kind a favor I ask you
Allow me just-a one more chance.

Honey, just allow me one more chance
To get along with you
Honey, just allow me one more chance
Ah'll do anything with you
Well, lookin' for a woman
That ain't got no man
Is just lookin' for a needle
That is lost in the sand
Just-a one kind favor I ask you
Allow me just-a one more chance.


Well, I took me a woman late last night
I's three-fourths drunk she looked all right
'Til she started peelin' off her onion gook
She took off her wig, said, "How do I look" ?
I's high flyin', bare naked ...Out the window.

Well, sometimes I might get drunk
Walk like a duck and smell like a skunk
Don't hurt me none, don't hurt my pride
'Cause I got my little lady right by my side
(She's a tryin' a hide pretendin'
She don't know me).

I's out there paintin' on the old wood shed
When a can a black paint it fell on my head
I went down to scrub and rub
But I had to sit in back of the tub
(Cost a quarter
Half price).

Well, my telephone rang it would not stop
It's President Kennedy callin' me up
He said, "My friend, Bob, what do we need to make the country grow" ?
I said, "My friend, John, "Brigitte Bardot,
Anita Ekberg
Sophia Loren"
Country'll grow.

Well, I got a woman five feet short
She yells and hollers and squeals and snorts
She tickles my nose pats me on the head
Blows me over and kicks me out of bed
(She's a man eater
Meat grinder
Bad loser).

Oh, there ain't no use in me workin' alla time
I got a woman who works herself blind
Works up to her britches, up to her neck
Write me letters and sends me checks
(She's a humdinger
Folk singer).

Late one day in the middle of the week
Eyes were closed I was half asleep
I chased me a woman up the hill
Right in the middle of an air drill
(I jumped a fallout shelter
I jumped the string bean
I jumped the TV dinner
I jumped the shot gun).

Now, the man on the stand he wants my vote
He's a-runnin' for office on the ballot note
He's out there preachin' in front of the steeple
Tellin' me he loves all kinds-a people
(He's eatin' bagels
He's eatin' pizza
He's eatin' chitlins).

Oh, set me down on a television floor
I'll flip the channel to number four
Out of the shower comes a football man
With a bottle of oil in his hand
(Greasy kid stuff
What I want to know, Mr. Football Man, is
What do you do about Willy Mays
Martin Luther King
Olatunji).

Well, the funniest woman I ever seen
Was the great-granddaughter of Mr. Clean
She takes about fifteen baths a day
Wants me to grow a moustache on my face
(She's insane).

Well, ask me why I'm drunk alla time
It levels my head and eases my mind
I just walk along and stroll and sing
I see better days and I do better things
(I catch dinosaurs
I make love to Elizabeth Taylor ...
Catch hell from Richard Burton !).


I'm beginnin' to hear voices and there's no one around
I'm all used up and the fields have turned brown
I went to church on Sunday as she passed by
And my love for her has taken such a long time to die
Well, I'm waist deep, waist deep in the mist
It's almost like, almost like, I don't exist
I'm twenty miles out of town, Cold Irons bound.

Well, the walls of pride are high and wide
Can't see over to the other side
It's such a sad thing to see beauty decay
It's sadder still to feel your heart turn away
One look at you and I'm out of control
Like the universe has swallowed me whole
I'm twenty miles out of town and Cold Irons bound.

There's too many people, too many to recall
I thought some of 'em were friends of mine, I was wrong about 'em all
Well, the road is rocky and the hillside mud
Up over my head, nothing but clouds of blood
I found my world, found my world in you
But your love just hasn't proved true
I'm twenty miles out of town and Cold Irons bound
Twenty miles out of town, Cold Irons bound.

Well the winds in Chicago have torn me to shreds
Reality has always had too many heads
Some things last longer than you think they will
Some kind of things you can never kill
Though it's you, and you only, I'm singin' about
But you can't see in and it's hard looking out
I'm twenty miles out of town and Cold Irons bound.

Well, the fat's in the fire and the water's in the tank
Well, the whiskey's in the jar and the money's in the bank
I tried to love and protect you because I care
I'm gonna remember forever the joy we've shared
Looking at you and I'm on my bended knee
You've no idea what you did to me
I'm twenty miles out of town and Cold Irons bound
Twenty miles out of town and Cold Irons bound.


There's a long distance train rolling through the rain, tears on the letter I write
There's a woman I long to touch and I miss her so much but she's drifting 
like a satelite
There's a neon light ablaze in the green smoky haze, and laughter down on
Elizabeth Street
And a lonesome bell tone in that valley of stone where she bathed
in a stream of pure heat
Her father would emphasize you got to be more than street-wise but he practiced 
what he preached from the heart
A full-blooded Cherokee, he predicted it to me the time and the place it 
would start.

There's a babe in the arms of a woman in a rage
And a longtime golden-haired stripper onstage
And she winds back the clock and she turns back the page
Of a book that nobody write
Oh, where are you tonight ?

The truth was obscure, too profound and too pure, to live it you have to explode
In the last hour of need, we entirely agreed, sacrifice was the code of the road
I left town at dawn, with Marcel and St. John, strong men betitled by doubt
I couldn't tell her what my private thoughts were but she had some way of finding 
them out
He took dead-center aim but he missed just the same, she was waiting putting 
flowers on the shelf
She could feel my despair as I climbed up her hair and discovered her invisible self.

There's a lion in the road, there's a demon escaped
There's a million dreams gone, there's a landscape being raped
As her beauty fades and I watch her undrape
I won't but then again, maybe I might
Oh, if I could just find you tonight.
I fought with ny twin, that enemy within, 'til both of us fell by the way
Horseplay and disease is killing me by degrees while the law looks the other way
Your partners in crime hit me up for nickels and dimes, the man you were loving 
couldn't never get clean
It felt outa place, my foot in his face, but he should-a stayed where his money 
was green
I bit into the root of forbidden fruit with the juice running down my leg
Then I dealt with your boss, who'd never known about loss and who always was too 
proud to beg
There's a white diamond gloom on the dark side of this room and a pathway that 
leads up to the stars
If you don't believe there's a price for this sweet paradise, just remind me to show 
you the scars.

There's a new day at dawn and I've finally arrived
If I'm there in the morning, baby, you'll know I've survived
I can't believe it, I can't believe I'm alive
But without you it just doesn't seem right
Oh, where are you tonight ?


I took you home from a party and we kissed in fun
A few stolen kisses and no harm was done
Instead of stopping when we could we went right on 
Till suddenly we found that the brakes were gone.

You belong to someone else, and I do too
It's just crazy bein' here with you
As a bad motorcycle with the devil in the seat
Going ninety miles an hour down a dead end street
Ninety miles an hour down a dead end street.

I didn't want to want you, but now I have no choice
It's too late to listen to that warning voice
All I hear is thunder of two hearts beat
Going ninety miles an hour down a dead end street
Ninety miles an hour down a dead end street.

You're not free to belong to me
And you know I could never be your own
Your lips on mine are like a sweet, sweet wine
But we're heading for a wall of stone.

Warning signs are flashing ev'ry where, but we pay no heed
'Stead of slowing down the place, we keep a pickin' up speed
Disaster's getting closer ev'ry time we meet
Going ninety miles an hour down a dead end street
Yeah, ninety miles an hour down a dead end street
Well, ninety miles an hour down a dead end street.


Well, I'm hanging on to a solid rock
Made before the foundation of the world
And won't let go, and I can't let go, won't let go
And I can't let go, won't let go, and I can't let go no more.

For me He was chastised, for me He was hated
For me He was rejected by a world that He created
Nations are angry, coursed are some
People are expecting a false peace to come.

Well, I'm hanging on to a solid rock
Made before the foundation of the world
And won't let go, and I can't let go, won't let go
And I can't let go, won't let go, and I can't let go no more.

It's the ways of the flesh to war against the spirit
Twenty-four hours a day you can feel it and you can hear it
Using all the devices under the sun
And He never give up 'til the battle's lost or won.

Well, I'm hanging on to a solid rock
Made before the foundation of the world
And won't let go, and I can't let go, won't let go
And I can't let go, won't let go, and I can't let go no more.


I've been around this whole country 
But I never yet found Fenneario.

Well, as we marched down, as we marched down
Well, as we marched down to Fennerio'
Well, our captain fell in love with a lady like a dove
Her name that she had was Pretty Peggy-O

Well, what will your mother say, what will your mother say
What will your mother say, Pretty Peggy-O
What will your mother say to know you're going away
You're never, never, never coming back-io ?

Come a-running down your stairs 
Come a-running down your stairs
Come a-running down your stairs, Pretty Peggy-O
Come a-running down your stairs 
Combing back your yellow hair
You're the prettiest darned girl I ever seen-io.

The lieutenant he has gone 
The lieutenant he has gone
The lieutenant he has gone, Pretty Peggy-O
The lieutenant he has gone, long gone
He's a-riding down in Texas with the rodeo.

Well, our captain he is dead, our captain he is dead
Our captain he is dead, Pretty Peggy-O
Well, our captain he is dead, died for a maid
He's buried somewhere in Louisiana-O.


While riding on a train goin' west
I feel asleep for take my a rest
I dreamed a dream that make me sad
Concerning myself and the first few friends I had.

With half-damp eyes I stared to the room
Where my friends and I spent many an afternoon
Where we together weathered many a storm
Laughin' and singing 'till the early hours of the morn'.

By the old wooden stove where our hats was hung
Our words were told, our songs were songs
Where we longed for nothin' and were satisfied
Joking and talking about the world outside.

With haunted hearts through the heat and cold
We never thought we could ever get very old
We thought we could sit forever in fun
Our chances really was a million to one.

As easy it was to tell black from white
It was all that easy to tell wrong from right
And our choices they were few and the thought never hit
That the one road we traveled would ever shatter and split.

How many a year has passed and gone
Many a gamble has been lost and won
And many a road taken by many a first friend
And each one I've never seen again.

I wish, I wish, I wish in vain
That we could sit simply in that room again
Ten thousand dollars at the drop of a hat
I'd give it all gladly if our lives could be like that.


Ain't it hard to stumble
And land in some funny lagoon ?
Ain't it hard to stumble
And land in some muddy lagoon ?
Especially when it's nine below zero
And three o'clock in the afternoon.

Ain't gonna hang no picturev
Ain't gonna hang no picture frame
Ain't gonna hang no picture
Ain't gonna hang no picture frame
Well, I might look like Robert Ford
But I feel just like a Jesse James.

Well, I wish I was on some
Australian mountain range
Oh, I wish I was on some
Australian mountain range
I got no reason to be there, but I
Imagine it would be some kind of change.

I got my dark sunglasses
I got for good luck my black tooth
I got my dark sunglasses
I'm carryin' for good luck my black tooth
Don't ask me nothin' about nothin'
I just might tell you the truth.

I got a woman in Jackson
I ain't gonna say her name
I got a woman in Jackson
I ain't gonna say her name
She's a brown-skin woman, but I
Love her just the same.


Well, I wake up in the morning
There's frogs inside my socks
Your mama, she's a-hidin'
Inside the icebox
Your daddy walks in wearin'
A Napoleon Bonarparte mask
Then you ask why I don't live here
Honey, do you have to ask ?

Well, I got to pet your monkey
I get a face full of claws
I ask who's in the fireplace
And you tell me Santa Claus
The milkman comes in
He's wearing a derby hat
And you ask why I don't live here
Honey, how come you have to ask me that ?

Well, I asked for something to eat
I'm hungry as a hog
So I get brown rice, seaweed
And a dirty hot dog
I've got a hole
Where my stomach disappeared
Then you ask why I don't live here
Honey, I gotta think you're really weird.

Your grandpa's cane
It turns into a sword
Your grandma prays to pictures
That are pasted on a board
Everything inside my pockets
Your uncle steals
And you ask me why I don't live here
Honey, I can't believe that you're for real.

Well, there's fist fight in the kitchen
They're enough to make me cry
The mailman comes in
Even he's gotta take a side
Even the butler
He's got something to prove
Then you ask me why I don't live here
Honey, how come you don't move ?


I bless the day I found you
I want my arms around you
And so I beg you: Let it be me.

Don't take this heaven from one
If you must cling someone
Now and forever, let it be me.

Each time we meet, love
I find complete love
Without your sweet love, what would life be ?

So never leave me lonely
Tell me that you love me only
And say you'll always let it be me.


Gypsy gal, the hands of Harlem
Cannot hold you to its heat
Your temperature's too hot for taming
Your flaming feet burn up the street
I am homeless, come and take me
To the reach of your rattling drums
Let me know, babe, all about my fortune
Down alone my restless palms.

Gypsy gal, you got me swallowed
I have fallen far beneath
Your pearly eyes, so fast an' slashing
An' your flashing diamond teeth
The night is pitch black, come an' make my
Pale face fit into place, ah, please!
Let me know, babe, I am nearly drowning
If it's you my lifelines trace.

I been wond'rin' all about me
Ever since I seen you there
On the cliffs of your wildcat charms I'm riding
I know I'm 'round you but I don't know where
You've slayed me, you have made me
I got to laugh halfways off my heels
I got to know, babe, will you surround me
So I can know if I'm really real.


The jingle bells are jingling
The streets are white with snow
The happy crowds are mingling
But there's no one that I know

I'm sure that you'll forgive me
If I don't enthuse
I guess I've got the Christmas blues

I've done my window shopping
There's not a store I've missed
But what's the use of stopping
When there's no one on your list

You'll know the way I'm feeling
When you love and you lose
I guess I've got the Christmas blues

When somebody wants you
Somebody needs you
Christmas is a joy of joy
But friends, when you're lonely
You'll find that it's only
A thing for little girls and little boys

May all your days be merry
Your seasons full of cheer
But till it's January
I'll just go and disappear

Old Santa may have brought you
Some stars for your shoes
But Santa only brought me the blues
Those brightly packaged
Tinsel covered Christmas blues

Old Santa may have brought you
Some stars for your shoes
But Santa only brought me the blues
Those brightly packaged
Tinsel covered Christmas blues


Prayed in the ghetto with my face in the cement,
Heard the last moan of a boxer, seen the massacre of the innocent
Felt around for the light switch, became nauseated.
She was walking down the hallway while the walls deteriorated.

East of the Jordan, hard as the Rock of Gibraltar,
I see the burning of the page, Curtain risin' on a new age,
See the groom still waitin' at the altar.

Try to be pure at heart, they arrest you for robbery,
Mistake your shyness for aloofness, your silence for snobbery,
Got the message this morning, the one that was sent to me
About the madness of becomin' what one was never meant to be.

West of the Jordan, east of the Rock of Gibraltar,
I see the burning of the stage,
Curtain risin' on a new age,
See the groom still waitin' at the altar.

Don't know what I can say about Claudette that wouldn't come back to haunt me,
Finally had to give her up 'bout the time she began to want me.
But I know God has mercy on them who are slandered and humiliated.
I'd a-done anything for that woman if she didn't make me feel so obligated.

West of the Jordan, west of the Rock of Gibraltar,
I see the burning of the cage,
Curtain risin' on a new stage,
See the groom still waitin' at the altar.

Put your hand on my head, baby, do I have a temperature?
I see people who are supposed to know better standin' around like furniture.
There's a wall between you and what you want and you got to leap it,
Tonight you got the power to take it, tomorrow you won't have the power to
Keep it.

West of the Jordan, east of the Rock of Gibraltar,
I see the burning of the stage, Curtain risin' on a new age,
See the groom still waitin' at the altar.

Cities on fire, phones out of order,
They're killing nuns and soldiers, there's fighting on the border.
What can I say about Claudette?
Ain't seen her since January,
She could be respectably married or running a whorehouse in Buenos Aires.

West of the Jordan, west of the Rock of Gibraltar,
I see the burning of the stage,
Curtain risin' on a new age,
See the groom still waitin' at the altar.


Well the woman that I love she got a hook in her nose
Her eye brows meet she wears second hand clothes      
She speaks with a stutter and she walks with a hop
I don't know why I love her but I just can't stop.
You know I love her yeah I love her
I'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world.

If I ever lose her I will go in sane 
I go half crazy when she calls my name
When she says ' ba-ba ba-ba baby I love you 
There ain't nothing in the world that I wouldn't do.
You know I love her yeah I love her
I'm in love in the ugliest girl in the world.

The woman that I love she got two flat feet
Her knees knocks together walking down the street
She cracks her knuckles and she snores in bed
She ain't much to look at but like I said: 
You know I love her Yeah I love her
I'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world

I don't mean to say she got nothing going
She got a weird sense of humor that is all her own
When I got low she sets me on my feet
Got a five inch smile but her breath is sweet.
You know I love her Yeah I love her
I'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world.

Well the woman that I love she got a hook in her nose
Her eye brows meet she wears second hand clothes      
She speaks with a stutter and she walks with a hop
I don't know why I love her but I just can't stop.
You know I love her yeah I love her
I'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world.


Beyond the horizon, behind the sun 
At the end of the rainbow life has only begun 
In the long hours of twilight underneath the stardust above 
Beyond the horizon it is easy to love 

I'm touched with desire 
What I do 
Through flame and through fire 
I'll build my world around you 

Beyond the horizon, in the Springtime or fall 
Love waits forever, for one and for all 

Beyond the horizon, across the divide 
Around about midnight, we'll be on the same side 
Down in the valley the water runs cold 
Beyond the horizon someone prayed for your soul 

My wretched heart is pounding 
I felt an angel's kiss 
My memories are drowning 
In mortal bliss 

Beyond the horizon, at the end of the game 
Every step that you take, I'm walking the same 

Beyond the horizon, the night winds blow 
The theme of a melody from many moons ago 
The bells of St. Mary, how sweetly they chime 
Beyond the horizon I found you just in time 

It's dark and it's dreary 
I've been pleading in vain 
I'm wounded, I'm weary 
My repentance is plain 

Beyond the horizon over the treacherous sea 
I still can't believe that you have set aside your love for me 

Beyond the horizon, underneath crimson skies 
In the soft light of morning I'll follow you with my eyes 
Through countries and kingdoms and temples of stone 
Beyond the horizon right down to the bone 

It's the right time of the season 
Somebody there always cared 
There's always a reason 
Why some one's life has been spared 

Beyond the horizon, the sky is so blue 
I've got more than a lifetime to live loving you


He was just a blue-eyed Boston boy
His voice was low with pain
"I'll do your bidding comrade mine
If I ride back again
But if you ride back and I am left
You'll do as much for me
Mother you know, must hear the news
So write to her tenderly."
                              
"She's waiting at home like a patient saint
Her fond face pale with woe
Her heart will be broken when I am gone
I'll see her soon, I know"
Just then the order came to charge
For an instant hand touched hand
They said "Aye" and away they rode
That brave and devoted band.
                              
Straight was the track to the top of the hill
The rebels they shot and shelled
Plowed furrows of death through the toilling ranks
And guarded them as they fell
There soon came a horrible dying yell
From heights that they could not gain
And those whom doom and death had spared
Rode slowly back again.
                              
But among the dead that were left on the hill
Was the boy with the curly hair
The tall dark man who rode by his side
Lay dead beside him there
There's no one to write to the blue-eyed girl
The words that her lover had said
Momma, you know, awaits the news
And she'll only know he's dead.


Seen the arrow on the doorpost 
Saying, "This land is condemned 
All the way from New Orleans 
To Jerusalem." 
I traveled through East Texas 
Where many martyrs fell 
And I know no one can sing the blues 
Like Blind Willie McTell 

Well, I heard the hoot owl singing 
As they were taking down the tents 
The stars above the barren trees 
Were his only audience 
Them charcoal gypsy maidens 
Can strut their feathers well 
But nobody can sing the blues 
Like Blind Willie McTell 

See them big plantations burning 
Hear the cracking of the whips 
Smell that sweet magnolia blooming 
(And) see the ghosts of slavery ships 
I can hear them tribes a-moaning 
(I can) hear the undertaker's bell 
(Yeah), nobody can sing the blues 
Like Blind Willie McTell 

There's a woman by the river 
With some fine young handsome man 
He's dressed up like a squire 
Bootlegged whiskey in his hand 
There's a chain gang on the highway 
I can hear them rebels yell 
And I know no one can sing the blues 
Like Blind Willie McTell 

Well, God is in heaven 
And we all want what's his 
But power and greed and corruptible seed 
Seem to be all that there is 
I'm gazing out the window 
Of the St. James Hotel 
And I know no one can sing the blues 
Like Blind Willie McTell


Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing
Blowing like it's gonna sweep my world away
I wanna stop at Carbondale and keep on going
That Duquesne train gon' rock me night and day

You say I'm a gambler, you say I'm a pimp
But I ain't neither one

Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing
Sounding like it's on a final run

Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing
Blowing like she never blowed before
Little light blinking, red light glowing
Blowing like she's at my chamber door

You smiling through the fence at me
Just like you always smiled before

Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing
Blowing like she ain't gon' blow no more

Can't you hear that Duquesne whistle blowing?
Blowing like the sky's gonna blow apart
You're the only thing alive that keeps me going
You're like a time bomb in my heart

I can hear a sweet voice steadily calling
Must be the mother of our Lord

Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing
Blowing like my woman's on board

Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing
Blowing like it's gon' blow my blues away
You old rascal, I know exactly where you're going
I'll lead you there myself at the break of day

I wake up every morning with that woman in my bed
Everybody telling me she's gone to my head

Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing
Blowing like it's gon' kill me dead

Can't you hear that Duquesne whistle blowing?
Blowing through another no good town

The lights of my native land are glowing
I wonder if they'll know me next time 'round
I wonder if that old oak tree's still standing
That old oak tree, the one we used to climb

Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing
Blowing like she's blowing right on time


Christmas makes you feel emotional
It may bring parties or thoughts devotional
Whatever happens or what may be,
Here is what Christmas time means to me.

City sidewalk, busy sidewalks
Dressed in holiday style.
In the air there's
A feeling of Christmas.

Children laughing, people passing,
Meeting smile after smile,
And on every street corner you'll hear:

Silver bells, silver bells,
It's Christmas time in the city.
Ring-a-ling, hear them ring,
Soon it will be Christmas day.

City street lights,
Even stop lights,
Blink a bright red and green,
As the shoppers rush home
With their treasures.

Hear the snow crunch,
See the kids bunch,
This is Santa's big scene,
And above all this bustle you'll hear:

Silver bells, silver bells,
It's Christmas time in the city.
Ring-a-ling, hear them ring,
Soon it will be Christmas day.


Shadows are fallin' and I've been here all day
It's too hot to sleep and time is runnin' away
Feel like my soul has turned into steel
I've still got the scars that the sun didn't heal
There's not even room enough to be anywhere
It's not dark yet but it's gettin' there.

Well, my sense of humanity has gone down the drain
Behind every beautiful thing there's been some kind of pain
She wrote me a letter and she wrote it so kind
She put down in writin' what was in her mind
I just don't see why I should even care
It's not dark yet but it's gettin' there.

Well, I've been to London and I been to gay Paris
I've followed the river and I got to the sea
I've been down on the bottom of the world full of lies
I ain't lookin' for nothin' in anyone's eyes
Sometimes my burden is more than I can bear
It's not dark yet but it's gettin' there.

I was born here and I'll die here against my will
I know it looks like I'm movin' but I'm standin' still
Every nerve in my body is so naked and numb
I can't even remember what it was I came here to get away from
Don't even hear the murmur of a prayer
It's not dark yet but it's gettin' there.


There was a little boy
And there was a little girl
And they lived in an alley under the red sky.

There was a little boy
And there was a little girl
And they lived in an alley under the red sky.

There was an old man 
And he lived in the moon
One summer's day he came passing by.

There was an old man 
And he lived in the moon
And one day he came passing by.

Some day little girl
Everything for you is gonna be new
Some day little girl
You'll have a diamond as big as your shoe.

Let the wind blow low
Let the wind blow high
One day the little boy and the little girl were both baked in a pie.

Let the wind blow low
Let the wind blow high
One day the little boy and the little girl were both baked in a pie.

This is the key to the kingdom
And this is the town
This is the blind horse
That leads you around.

Let the bird sing
Let the bird fly
One day the man in the moon went home and the river went dry.

Let the bird sing
Let the bird fly
The man in the moon went home and the river went dry.


I've just reached a place 
Where the willow don't bend
There's not much more to be said 
It's the top of the end
I am going 
I am going 
I am gone.

I am closing the book 
On the pages and the text
And I don't really care 
Of what happens next
I am just going 
I am going 
I am gone.

I been hanging on threads 
I been playing it straight
Now I've just got to cut loose 
Before it gets late
So I am going 
I am going 
I am gone.

Grandma said, "Boy, go and follow your heart
And you'll be fine at the end of the line
All that's gold doesn't shine
Don't you and your own true love ever part"

I been walking the road 
I been living on the edge
Now I've just got to go 
Before I get to the ledge
So I am going 
I am just going 
I am gone.


Been so long since a strange woman has slept in my bed
Look how sweet she sleeps, how free must be her dreams
In another lifetime she must have owned the world, or been faithfully wed
To some righteous king who wrote psalms beside moonlit streams.

I and I 
In creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives
I and I
One say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.

Think I'll go out and go for a walk
Not much happening here, nothing ever does
Besides, if she wakes up now, she'll just want me to talk
I got nothing to say, 'specially about whatever was.

I and I 
In creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives
I and I
One say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.

Took an untrodden path once, where the swift don't win the race
It goes to the worthy, who can divide the word of truth
Took a stranger to teach me, to look into justice's beautiful face
And to see an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.

I and I 
In creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives
I and I
One say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.

Outside of two men on a train platform there's nobody in sight
They're waiting for spring to come, smoking down the track
The world could come to an end tonight, but that's all right
She could still be there sleeping when I get back.

I and I 
In creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives
I and I
One say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.
Noontime, and I'm still pushing myself along the road, the darkest part
Into the narrow lanes, I can't stumble or stay put
Someone else is speaking with my mouth, but I'm listening only to my heart
I've made shoes for everyone, even you, while I still go barefoot.

I and I 
In creation where one's nature neither honors nor forgives
I and I
One say to the other, no man sees my face and lives.


10.000 men on a hill
10.000 men on a hill
Some of them going down some of them gonna get killed.

10.000 men dressed in Oxford blue
10.000 men dressed in Oxford blue
Drummin in the morning in the evening they'll be coming for you.

10.000 men on the move
10.000 men on the move
None of them doing nothing that your mama wouldn't disapprove.

10.000 men diggin' for silver and gold
10.000 men diggin' for silver and gold
All clean shaven all coming from the cold.

Hey who could you lover be ?
Hey who could you lover be ?
Let me eat off his head and you can really see.

10.000 women all dressed in white
10.000 women all dressed in white
Standing at my window wishing me goodnight.

10.000 men looking so lean and frail
10.000 men looking so lean and frail
Each one of them got seven wives each of them just out of jail.

10.000 women all sleep in my room
10.000 women all sleep in my room
Spilling my buttermilk sweeping it up with a broom.

Mmm baby thank you for my tea
Hey baby thank you for my tea
It's really so sweet of you to be so nice to me.


Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, in the beginning
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago.   

He saw an animal that liked to growl
Big furry paws and he liked to howl
Great big furry back and furry hair
"Ah, think I'll call it a bear".

Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, in the beginning
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago.  

He saw an animal up on a hill
Chewing up so much grass until she was filled
He saw milk coming out but he didn't know how
"Ah, think I'll call it a cow".

Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, in the beginning
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago.  

He saw an animal that liked to snort
Horns on his head and they weren't too short
It looked like there wasn't nothing that he couldn't pull
"Ah, I'll think I'll call it a bull".

Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, in the beginning
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago.  
He saw an animal leaving a muddy trail
Real dirty face and a curly trail
He wasn't too small and he wasn't too big
"Ah, think I'll call it a pig".

Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, in the beginning
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago.  

Next animal that he did meet
Had wool on his back and hooves on his feet
Eating grass on a mountainside so steep
"Ah, think I'll call it a sheep".

Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, in the beginning
Man gave names to all the animals
In the beginning, long time ago. 

He saw an animal as smooth as glass
Slithering his way through the grass
Saw him dissappear by a tree near a lake .....


They sat together in the park
As the evening sky grew dark
She looked at him and he felt a spark tingle to his bones
It was then he felt alone and wished that he'd gone straight
And watched out for a simple twist of fate.

They walked alone by the old canal
A little confused I remember well
And stopped into a strange hotel with a neon burning bright
He felt the heat of the night hit him like a freight train
Moving with a simple twist of fate.

A saxophone someplace far off played
As she was walking on by the arcade
As the light bust through a-beat-up shade where he was waking up
She dropped a coin into the cup of a blind man at the gate
And forgot about a simple twist of fate.

He woke up the room was bare
He didn't see her anywhere
He told himself he didn't care pushed the window open wide
Felt an emptiness inside to which he just could not relate
Brought on by a simple twist of fate.

He hears the ticking of the clocks
And walks along with a parrot that talks
Hunts her down by the waterfront docks where the sailers all come in
Maybe she'll pick him out again how long must he wait
One more time for a simple twist of fate.

People tell me it's a sin
To know and feel too much within
I still believe she was my twin but I lost the ring
She was born in spring but I was born too late
Blame it on a simple twist of fate.


Someone's got it in for me, they're planting stories in the press
Whoever it is I wish they'd cut it out quick but when they will I can only guess
They say I shot a man named Gray and took his wife to Italy
She inherited a million bucks and when she died it came to me
I can't help it if I'm lucky.

People see me all the time and they just can't remember how to act
Their minds are filled with big ideas, images and distorted facts
Even you yesterday you had to ask me where it was at
I couldn't believe after all these years you didn't know even me better than that
Sweet lady.

Idiot wind blowing every time your move your mouth
Blowing down the backroads heading south
Idiot wind blowing every time you move your teeth
You're an idiot babe
It's a wonder that you still know how to breathe

I ran into the fortune-teller who said beware of lightning that might strike
I haven't known peace and quit for so long I can't remember what it's like
There's a lone soldier on the cross smoke pouring out of a boxcar door
You didn't know it you didn't think it could be done in the final end he won the wars
After losing every battle.

I woke up on the roadside daydreaming about the way things sometimes are
Visions of your chestnut mare shoot through my head and are making me see stars
You hurt the ones that I love best and cover up the truth with lies
One day you'll be in the ditch, flies buzzing around your eyes
Blood on your saddle.

Idiot wind blowing through the flowers on your tomb
Blowing through the curtains in your room
Idiot wind blowing every time you move your teeth
You're an idiot babe
It's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.

It was gravity which pulled us down and destiny which broke us apart
You tamed the lion in my cage but it just wasn't enough to change my heart
Now everything's a little upside down, as a matter of fact the wheels have stopped
What's good is bad what's bad is good you'll find out when you reach the top
You're on the bottom.I noticed at the ceremony, your corrupt ways had finally made you blind
I can't remember your face anymore, your mouth has changed your eyes don't look 
into mine
The priest wore black on the seventh day and sat stone faced while the 
building burned
I waited for you on the running boards, near the cypress trees while the 
springtime turned
Slowly into autumn.

Idiot wind blowing like a circle around my skull
From the Grand Coulee Dam to Capitol
Idiot wind blowing every time you move you teeth
You're an idiot babe.
It's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.

I can't feel you anymore, I can't even touch the books you've read
Every time I crawl past your door, I been wishing I was somebody else instead
Down the highway down the tracks down the road to ecstasy
I followed you beneath the stars hounded by your memory
And all you raging glory.

I been double-crossed now for the very last time and now I'm finally free
I kissed goodbye the howling beast on the borderline which separated you from me
You'll never know the hurt I suffered not the pain I raise above
And I'll never know the same about you your holiness or your kind of love
And it makes me feel so sorry.

Idiot wind blowing through the buttons of our coats
Blowing through the letters that we wrote
Idiot wind blowing through the dust upon our shelves
We're idiots babe
It's a wonder we can even feed ourselves.


The festival was over and the boys were all planning for a fall
The cabaret was quiet except for the drilling in the wall
The curfew had been lifted and the gambling wheel shut down
Anyone with any sense had already left town
He was standing in the doorway looking like the Jack of Hearts.

He moved across the mirrored room "Set it up for everyone" he said
Then everyone commenced to do what they were doin' before he turned their heads
Then he walked up to a stranger and he asked him with a grin
"Could you kindly tell me friend what time the show begins ?"
Then he moved into the corner face down like the Jack of Hearts.

Backstage the girls were playing five card stud by the stairs
Lily had two queens she was hoping for a third to match her pair
Outside the streets were filling up, the window was open wide
A gentle breeze was blowing, you could feel it from inside
Lily called another bet and drew up the Jack of Hearts.

Big Jim was no one's fool, he owned the town's only diamond mine
He made his usual entrance looking so dandy and so fine
With his bodyguards and silver cane and every hair in place
He took whatever he wanted to and he laid it all to waste
But his bodyguards and silver cane were no match for the Jack of Hearts.

Rosemary combed her hair and took a carriage into town
She slipped in through the side door looking like a queen without a crown
She fluttered her false eyelashes and whispered in his ear
"Sorry darling, that I'm late", but he didn't seem to hear
He was staring into space over at the Jack of Hearts.

"I know I've seen that face somewhere" Big Jim was thinking to himself
"Maybe down in Mexico or a picture up on somebody's shelf"
But then the crowd began to stamp their feet and the house lights did dim
And in the darkness of the room there was only Jim and him
Staring at the butterfly who just drew the Jack of Hearts.

Lily was a princess she was fair-skinned and precious as a child
She did whatever she had to do she had that certain flash every time she smiled
She'd come away from a broken home had lots of strange affairs
With men in every walk of life which took her everywhere
But she'd never met anyone quite like the Jack of Hearts.
The hanging judge came in unnoticed and was being wined and dined
The drilling in the wall kept up but no one seemed to pay it any mind
It was known all around that Lily had Jim's ring
And nothing would ever come between Lily and the king
No nothing ever would except maybe the Jack of Hearts.

Rosemary started drinking hard and seeing her reflection in the knife
She was tired of the attention tired of playing the role of Big Jim's wife
She had done a lot of bad things even once tried suicide
Was looking to do just one good deed before she died
She was gazing to the future riding on the Jack of Hearts.

Lily took her dress off and buried it away
"Has your luck run out?" she laughed at him.
"Well I guess you must have known it would someday
Be careful not to touch the wall there's a brand new coat of paint
I'm glad to see you're still alive you're looking like a saint"
Down the hallway footsteps were coming for the Jack of Hearts.

The backstage manager was pacing all around by his chair
"There's something funny going on" he said " I can just feel it in the air"
He went to get the hanging judge but the hanging judge was drunk
As the leading actor hurried by in the costume of a monk
There was no actor anywhere better than the Jack of Hearts.

No one knew the circumstance, but they say it happened pretty quick
The door to the dressing room burst open a Colt revolver clicked
And big Jim was standing there you couldn't say surprised
Rosemary right beside him studying her eyes
She was with big Jim but she was leaning to the Jack of Hearts.

Two doors down the boys finally made it through the wall
And cleaned out the bank safe it's said that they got off with quite a haul
In the darkness by the riverbed they waited on the ground
For one more member who had business back in town
But they couldn't go no further without the Jack of Hearts.

The next day was hanging day the sky was overcast and black
Big Jim lay covered up killed by a penknife in the back
And Rosemary on the gallows she didn't even blink
The hanging judge was sober he hadn't had a drink
The only person on the scene missing was the Jack of Hearts.
The cabaret was empty now a sign said. "Closed for repair"
Lily had already taken all of the dye out of her hair
She was thinking about her father who she very rarely saw
Thinking about Rosemary and thinking about the law
But most of all she was thinking about the Jack of Hearts.


Come you masters of war
You that build all the guns
You that build the death planes
You that build all the bombs
You that hide behind walls
You that hide behind desks
I just want you to know
I can see through your masks.

You that never done nothin'
But build to destroy
You play with my world
Like it's your little toy
You put a gun in my hand
And you hide from my eyes
And you turn and run farther
When the fast bullets fly.

Like Judas of old
You lie and deceive
A world war can be won
You want me to believe
But I see through your eyes
And I see through your brain
Like I see through the water
That runs down my drain.

You fasten all the triggers
For the others to fire
Then you set back and watch
When the death count gets higher
You hide in your mansion'
As young people's blood
Flows out of their bodies
And is buried in the mud.

You've thrown the worst fear
That can ever be hurled
Fear to bring children
Into the world
For threatening my baby
Unborn and unnamed
You ain't worth the blood
That runs in your veins.

How much do I know
To talk out of turn
You might say that I'm young
You might say I'm unlearned
But there's one thing I know
Though I'm younger than you
That even Jesus would never
Forgive what you do.

Let me ask you one question
Is your money that good
Will it buy you forgiveness
Do you think that it could
I think you will find
When your death takes its toll
All the money you made
Will never buy back your soul.

And I hope that you die
And your death'll come soon
I will follow your casket
In the pale afternoon
And I'll watch while you're lowered
Down to your deathbed
And I'll stand over your grave
'Til I'm sure that you're dead.


She's got everything she needs
She's an artist, she don't look back
She's got everything she needs
She's an artist, she don't look back
She can take the dark out of nighttime
And paint the daytime black.

You will start out standing
Proud to steal her anything she sees
You will start out standing
Proud to steal her anything she sees
But you will wind up peeking through her keyhole
Down upon your knees.

She never stumbles
She's got no place to fall
She never stumbles
She's got no place to fall
She's nobody's child
The Law can't touch her at all.

She wears an Egyptian ring
That sparkles before she speaks
She wears an Egyptian ring
That sparkles before she speaks
She's a hypnotist collector
You are a walking antique.

Bow down to her on Sunday
Salute her when her birthday comes
Bow down to her on Sunday
Salute her when her birthday comes
For Halloween buy her a trumpet
And for Christmas, give it a drum.


I was blinded by the devil
Born already ruined
Stone-cold dead
As I stepped out of the womb
By His grace I have been touched
By His word I have been healed
By His hand I have been delivered
By His spirit I Have been sealed.

I've been saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
Saved
And I'm so glad
Yes, I'm so glad
I'm so glad
So glad
I want to thank you, Lord
I just want to thank You Lord
Thank You Lord.

By his truth I can be upright
By his strength I do endure
By His power I've been lifted
In His love I am secure
He bought me with a price
Freed me from the pit
Full of emptiness and wrath
And the fire that burns in it.

I've been saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
Saved
And I'm so glad
Yes, I'm so glad
I'm so glad
So glad
I want to thank you, Lord
I just want to thank You Lord
Thank You, Lord.
Nobody to rescue me
Nobody would dare
I was going down for the last time
But by His Mercy I've been spared
Not by works
But by faith in Him who called
For so long I've been hindered
For so long I've been stalled.

I've been saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
By the blood of the lamb
Saved
Saved
And I'm so glad
Yes, I'm so glad
I'm so glad
So glad
I want to thank you, Lord
I just want to thank You Lord
Thank You, Lord.


Hazel, dirty blonde hair 
I wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with you anywhere
You got something I want plenty of 
Ooh, a little touch of your love.

Hazel, stardust in your eye 
You're going somewhere and so am I
I'd give you the sky high above 
Ooh, for a touch of your love.

Oh no, I don't need any reminder 
To know how much I really care
But it's just making me blinder and blinder
Because I am up on the hill and still you're not there.

Hazel, you called and I came 
Now don't make me play this waiting game
You've got something I want plenty of 
Ooh, a little touch of your love.


Covenant Woman got a contract with the Lord
Way up yonder, great will be her reward 
Covenant woman, shining like a morning star
I know I can trust you to stay anywhere you are.

Yes and I just got to tell you
I do intend
To stay closer than any friend
Yes and I just to thank you
Once again
For making your prayers known
Unto heaven for me
And to you, always, so grateful
I will forever be.

I've been broken, shattered like an empty cup
I'm just waiting on the Lord to rebuild and fill me up
And I know He will do it 'cause He's faithful and He's true
He must have loved me so much to send me someone as fine as you.

Yes and I just got to tell you
I do intend
To stay closer than any friend
Yes and I just to thank you
Once again
For making your prayers known
Unto heaven for me
And to you, always, so grateful
I will forever be.

Covenant woman, intimate little girl
Who knows those most secret things of me that are hidden from the world
You know that we are strangers in a land we're passing through
I'll always be right by your side, I've got a covenant too.

Yea and I just got to tell you
I do intend
To stay closer than any friend
Yea and I just to thank you
Once again
For making your prayers known
Unto heaven for me
And to you, always, so grateful
I will forever be.


What was it you wanted
Tell me again so I'll know
What's happening in there
What's going on in your show
What was it you wanted
Could you say it again
I'll be back in a minute
You can get it together by then.

What was it you wanted
You can tell me I'm back
We can start it all over
Get it back on the track
You got my attention
Go ahead speak
What was it you wanted.
When you were kissing my cheek.

Was there somebody looking
When you give me that kiss
Someone there in the shadows
Someone that I might have missed
Is there something you needed
Something I don't understand
What was it you wanted
Do I have it here in my hand.

Whatever you wanted
Slipped out of my mind
Would you remind me again
If you'd be so kind
Has the record been breaking
Did the needle just skip
Is there somebody waitin'
Was there a slip of the lip.

What was it you wanted
It ain't keepin' score
Are you the same person 
That was here before
Is it something important
Maybe not
What was it you wanted.
Tell me again I forgot.

Whatever you wanted
What can it be
Did somebody tell you
That you could get it from me
Is it something that comes natural
Is it easy to say
Why do you want it
Who are you anyway.

Is the scenery changing
Am I getting it wrong
Is the whole thing going backwards
Are they playing our song
Where were you when it started
Do you want it for free
What was it you wanted
Are you talking to me.


If not for you, babe, I couldn't find the door
Couldn't even see the floor
I'd be sad and blue if not for you.

If not for you, baby, I'd lay awake all night
Wait for the morning light
To shine in through
But it will not be new if not for you.

If not for you, my sky would fall, rain would gather too
Without your love I'd be nowhere at all
I'd be lost if not for you
And you know it's true.

If not for you, my sky would fall, rain would gather too
Without your love I'd be nowhere at all
Oh what would I do if not for you ?

If not for you, winter would have no spring
I couldn't hear the robins sing
I just wouldn't have a clue
Anyway it wouldn't ring true if not for you
If not for you, if not for you.


I'll be home for Christmas
You can count on me
Please have snow and mistletoe
And presents on the tree

Christmas Eve will find me
Where the love light gleams
I'll be home for Christmas
If only in my dreams


'Twas in another lifetime one of toil and blood
When blackness was a virtue, the road was full of mud
I came in from the wilderness a creature void of form
"Come in," she said,
"I'll give you shelter from the storm."

And if I pass this way again you can rest assured
I'll always do my best for her on that I give my word
In a world of steel-eyed death and men who are fighting to be warm
"Come in," she said,
"I'll give you shelter from the storm."

Not a word was spoke between us there was little risk involved
Everything up to that point had been left unresolved
Try imagining a place where it's always safe and warm
"Come in," she said,
"I'll give you shelter from the storm."

I was burned out from exhaustion buried in the hail
Poisoned in the bushes and blown out on the trail
Hunted like a crocodile ravaged in the corn
"Come in," she said,
"I'll give you shelter from the storm."

Suddenly I turned around and she was standing there
With silver bracelets on her wrists and flowers in her hair
She walked up to me so gracefully and took my crown of thorns
"Come in," she said,
"I'll give you shelter from the storm."

Now there's a wall between us something there's been lost
I took too much for granted, I got my signals crossed
Just to think that it all began on an uneventful morn
"Come in," she said,
"I'll give you shelter from the storm."

Well the deputy walks on hard nails and the preacher rides a mount
But nothing really matters much it's doom alone that counts
And the one-eyed undertaker he blows a futile horn
"Come in," she said,
"I'll give you shelter from the storm."

I've heard newborn babies wailing like a mourning dove
And old men with broken teeth stranded without love
Do I understand your question man, is it hopeless and forlorn?
"Come in," she said,
"I'll give you shelter from the storm."

In a little hilltop village they gambled for my clothes
I bargained for salvation and she gave me a lethal dose
I offered up my innocence, I got repaid with scorn
"Come in," she said,
"I'll give you shelter from the storm."

Well I'm living in a foreign country but I'm bound to cross the line
Beauty walks a razor's edge someday I'll make it mine
If I could only turn back the clock to when God and her were born
"Come in," she said,
"I'll give you shelter from the storm."


Mary wore three links of chain 
Every link was Jesus name
Keep your hand on that plow, hold on
Oh Lord, Oh Lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on.

Mary, Mark, Luke and John 
All these prophets so good and gone
Keep your hand on that plow, hold on
Oh Lord, Oh Lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on.v 
Well, I never been to heaven 
But I've been told streets up there 
Are lined with gold
Keep your hand on that plow, hold on
Oh Lord, Oh Lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on.
Oh Lord, Oh Lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on.
Oh Lord, Oh Lord, keep your hand on that plow, hold on.


Early one morning the sun was shining
I was laying in bed
Wond'ring if she'd changed it all
If her hair was still red
Her folks they said our lives together
Sure was gonna be rough
They never did like Mama's homemade dress
Papa's bankbook wasn't big enough
And I was standing on the side of the road
Rain falling on my shoes
Heading out for the East Coast
Lord knows I've paid some dues getting through
Tangled up in blue.

She was married when we first met
Soon to be divorced
I helped her out of a jam I guess
But I used a little too much force
We drove that car as far as we could
Abandoned it out West
Split it up on a dark sad night
Both agreeing it was best
She turned around to look at me
As I was walking away
I heard her say over my shoulder
"We'll meet again someday on the avenue"
Tangled up in blue.

I had a job in the great north woods
Working as a cook for a spell
But I never did like it all that much
And one day the ax just fell
So I drifted down to New Orleans
Where I happened to be employed
Working for a while on a fishing boat
Right outside of Delacroix
But all the while I was alone 
The past was close behind
I seen a lot of women
But she never escaped my mind and I just grew
Tangled up in blue.

She was working in a topless place
And I stopped in for a beer
I just kept looking at her side of her face
In the spotlight so clear
And later on as the crowd thinned out
I was just about to do the same
She was standing there in back of my chair
Said to me "Don't I know your name?"
I muttered something underneath my breath
She studied the lines on my face
I must admit I felt a little uneasy
When she bent down to tie the laces of my shoe
Tangled up in blue.

She lit a burner on the stove and offered me a pipe
"I thought you'd never say hello" she said
"You look like the silent type"
Then she opened up a book of poems
And handed it to me
Written by an Italian poet
From the fifteenth century
And every one of them words rang true
And glowed like burning coal
Pouring off of every page
Like it was written in my soul from me to you
Tangled up in blue

I lived with them on Montague Street
In a basement down the stairs
There was music in the caf at night
And revolution in the air
Then he started into dealing with slaves
And something inside of him died
She had to sell everything she owned
And froze up inside
And when finally the bottom fell out 
I became withdrawn
The only thing I knew how to do
Was to keep on keeping on like a bird that flew
Tangled up in blue.

So now I'm going back again
I got to get her somehow
All the people we used to know
They're an illusion to me now
Some are mathematicians
Some are carpenter's wives
Don't know how it all got started
I don't what they're doing with their lives
But me I'm still on the road
Heading for another joint
We always did feel the same
We just saw it from a different point of view
Tangled up in Blue.


Oh, fare thee well, my own true love, fare thee well but for a while
The ship is waiting and the wind blows high
And I am bound away for the sea, Mary Ann.

Ten thousand miles away from home, ten thousand miles or more
The sea may freeze and the earth may burn
If I never nomore return to you, Mary Ann.

Oh, don't you see that crow fly high, she'll surely turn to white
If never I prove false to you
Let the day turn to night, my dear, Mary Ann.

If I had a flask of gin and sugar here for two
And a great big bowl for two to mix it in
I'd pour a drink for you my dear, Mary Ann
Yes, I'd pour a drink for you my dear, Mary Ann.


One time in London I gone out for a walk
Past the place called Hyde Park where people talk
About all kinds of different gods they have their point of view
To anyone passing by and it's who they're talking to.

There was someone on the platform talking to the folks
About the TV god and all the pain that it invokes
It's too bright a light he said for anybody's eyes
If you've never seen one it's bleesing in disguise.

I moved in closer got up on my toes
Two men in front of me were coming to blows
A man was saying something about children when they're young
Being sacrificed that's why lullabies are being sung.

The news of the day is on all the time
All the latest gossip all the latest rhyme
You mind is you temple keep it beautiful and free
Don't let an egg get laid in there by something you can't see.

Pray for people he said you could feel it in the crowd
My thoughts began to wander but his voice was ringing loud
It will destroy you family your happy home is gone
No one can protect you from it once you turn it on.

It will lead you in to some strange pursuits
Lead you to the land of forbidden fruits
Scramble up your head and drag your brain about
Sometimes you got to do like Elvis did and shoot the damn thing out.

It's all been designed he said to make you loose your mind
And when you go back to find it there's nothing there to find
Every time you look at it your situations worse
If you feel it grabbing out for you send for the nurse.

The crowd began to riot and they grabbed hold of the man
There was pushing there was showing and everybody ran
The TV crew was there to film it they jumped right over me
Later on that evening I watched it on TV.


I rolled and I tumbled, I cried the whole night long 
I rolled and I tumbled, I cried the whole night long 
Woke up this morning, I must have bet my money wrong 

I got troubles so hard, I can't stand the strain 
I got troubles so hard, I can't stand the strain 
Some young lazy slut has charmed away my brains 

The landscape is glowing, gleaming in the golden light of day 
The landscape is glowing, gleaming in the golden light of day 
I ain't holding nothing back now, I ain't standing in any body's way 

Well, I did all I know just to keep you off my mind 
Well, I did all I know just to keep you off my mind 
Well, I paid and I paid and my suffering heart is always on the line 

Well, I get up in the dawn and I go down and lay in the shade 
I get up in the dawn and I go down and lay in the shade 
I ain't no body's house boy, I ain't no body's well trained maid 

I'm flat out spent, this woman been driving me to tears 
I'm flat out spent, this woman she been driving me to tears 
This woman so crazy, I swear I ain't going to touch another one for years 

Well, the warm weather's coming and the buds are on the vine 
The warm weather's coming, the buds are on the vine 
Ain't nothing so depressing as trying to satisfy this woman of mine 

I got up this morning, saw the rising sun return 
Well, I got up this morning, see the rising sun return 
Sooner or later, you too shall burn 

The night's filled with shadows The years are filled with early doom 
The night is filled with shadows The years are filled with early doom 
I've been conjuring up all these long dead souls from their crumbling tombs 

Let's forgive each other darling,
Let's go down to the greenwood glen 
Let's forgive each other darling Let's go down to the greenwood glen 
Let's put our heads together now Let's put all old matters to an end 

Well, I rolled and I tumbled and I cried the whole night long 
Aah, I rolled and I tumbled and I cried the whole night long 
I woke up this morning and I think I must be traveling wrong


Alberta, let your hair hang low, Alberta, let your hair hang low
I'll give you more gold than your apron can hold
If you'll only let your hair hang low.

Alberta, what's on your mind, Alberta, what's on your mind ?
You keep me worried and bothered all of the time
Alberta, what's on your mind ?

Alberta, don't you treat me unkind, Alberta, don't you treat me unkind ?
Oh my heart is sad because I want you so bad
Alberta, don't you treat me unkind ?

Alberta, let your hair hang low, Alberta, let your hair hang low 
I'll give you more gold than your apron can hold
If you'll only let your hair hang low.


- I first heard this from Ric von Schmidt. He lives in Cambridge.
Ric is a blues guitarplayer. I met him one day on 
The green pastures of the Harvard University. -

Baby let me follow you down, baby let me follow you down
Well I'll do anything in this godalmighty world
If you just let me follow you down.

Can I come home with you, baby can I come home with you ?
Yes I'll do anything in this godalmighty world
If you just let me come home with you.

Baby let me follow you down, baby let me follow you down
Well I'll do anything in this godalmighty world
If you just let me follow you down.

Yes I'll do anything in this godalmighty world
If you just let me follow you down.


When did you leave heaven ?
How could they let you go ?
How's every thing in heaven ?
I'd like to know.

Why did you trade heaven ?
For all these earthly things ?
Where on earth you hide halo ? 
Where did you lose your wings ?

Have they missed you ?
Can you get back in ?
If I kiss you would it be a sin ?
I am only human but you are so divine.
When did you leave heaven angel mine ?


Who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin ?
Who's gonna let it roll ?
Who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin ?
Who's gonna let it down easy to save his soul ?

Oh look, he's driving a long, long time
There he still sits on top of the hill
Well aching and jumping with all laid down
With all of them ladies you know he's lonely still
Who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin ?
Who's gonna let it roll ?
Who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin ?
Who's gonna let it down easy to save his soul ?

Well knee deep in number, heavy in toil
Mighty mockingbird he still has such a heavy load
Beneath his boundaries but more if I can tell
With all of these travelling but I'm still on that road
Who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin ?
Who's gonna let it roll ?
Who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin ?
Who's gonna let it down easy to save his soul ?


We carried you in our arms 
On Independence Day
And now you'd throw us all aside 
And put us on our way
Oh, what dear daughter 'neath the sun 
Would treat a father so
To wait upon him hand and foot 
And always tell him "No?"
Tears of rage, tears of grief 
Why am I the one who must be the thief ?
Come to me now, you know 
We're so alone 
And life is brief.

We pointed out the way to go 
And scratched your name in sand
Though you just thought that it was nothing more 
Than a place for you to stand
Now I want you to know that while you watched 
You discover there was no one true
Must everybody really thought 
It was a childish thing to do
Tears of rage, tears of grief 
Why am I the one who must be the thief ?
Come to me now, you know 
We're so alone 
And life is brief.

It was all very painless 
When you went out to receive
All that false instruction 
Which we never could believe
And now the heart is filled with gold 
As if it was a purse
But oh, what kind of love is this 
Which goes from bad to worse ?
Tears of rage, tears of grief 
Why am I the one who must be the thief ?
Come to me now, you know 
We're so alone 
And life is brief.


Oh my name it is nothin'
My age it means less
The country I come from
Is called the Midwest
I's taught and brought up there
The laws to abide
And the land that I live in
Has God on its side.

Oh the history books tell it
They tell it so well
The cavalries charged
The Indians fell
The cavalries charged
The Indians died
Oh the country was young
With God on its side.

The Spanish-American
War had its day
And the Civil War too
Was soon laid away
And the names of the heroes
I's made to memorize
With guns on their hands
And God on their side.

The First World War, boys
It came and it went
The reason for fighting
I never did get
But I learned to accept it
Accept it with pride
For you don't count the dead
When God's on your side.

When the Second World War
Came to an end
We forgave the Germans
And then we were friends
Though they murdered six million
In the ovens they fried
The Germans now too
Have God on their side.

I've learned to hate Russians
All through my whole life
If another war comes
It's them we must fight
To hate them and fear them
To run and to hide
And accept it all bravely
With God on my side.

But now we got weapons
Of the chemical dust
If fire them we're forced to
Then fire them we must
One push of the button
And a shot the world wide
And you never ask questions
When God's on your side.

In a many dark hour
I've been thinkin' about this
That Jesus Christ
Was betrayed by a kiss
But I can't think for you
You'll have to decide
Whether Judas Iscariot
Had God on his side.

So now as I'm leavin'
I'm weary as Hell
The confusion I'm feelin'
Ain't no tongue can tell
The words fill my head
And fall to the floor
If God's on our side
He'll stop the next war.


Just a minute before you leave girl
Just a minute before you touch the door
What is it that you're trying to achieve, girl ?
Do you think we can talk about it some more ?
You know, the streets are filled with vipers
Who've lost all ray of hope
You know, it ain't even safe no more
In the palace of the Pope.

Don't fall apart on me tonight
I just don't think that I could handle it
Don't fall apart on me tonight
Yesterday's just a memory
Tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be
And I need you, yeah.

Come over here from over there, girl
Sit down here, you can have my chair
I can't see us going anywhere, girl
The only place open is a thousand miles away and I can't take you there
I wish I'd have been a doctor
Maybe I'd have saved some life that had been lost
Maybe I'd have done some good in the world
'Stead of burning every bridge I crossed.

Don't fall apart on me tonight
I just don't think that I could handle it
Don't fall apart on me tonight
Yesterday's just a memory
Tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be
And I need you, yeah.

I ain't too good at conversation, girl
So you might not know exactly how I feel
But if I could, I'd bring bring you to the mountaintop, girl
And build you a house made out of stainless steel
But it's like I'm stuck inside a painting
That's hanging in the Louvre
My throat start to tickle and my nose itches
But I know that I can't move.
Don't fall apart on me tonight
I just don't think that I could handle it
Don't fall apart on me tonight
Yesterday's gone but the past lives on
Tomorrow's just one step beyond
And I need you, yeah.

Who are these people who are walking towards you
Do you know them or will there be a fight ?
With their humorless smiles so easy to see through
Can they tell you what's wrong from what's right ?

Do you remember St. James Street
Where you blew Jackie P.'s mind ?
You were so fine, Clark Gable would have fell at your feet
And laid his life on the line.

Let's try to get beneath the surface waste, girl
No more booby traps and bombs
No more decadence and charm
No more affection that's misplaced, girl
No more mudcake creatures lying in your arms
What about that millionaire with the drumsticks in his pants ?
He looked so baffled and so bewildered
When he played and we didn't dance.

Don't fall apart on me tonight
I just don't think that I could handle it
Don't fall apart on me tonight
Yesterday's just a memory
Tomorrow is never what it's supposed to be
And I need you, yeah.


Peggy Day stole my poor heart away
By golly, what more can I say
Love to spend the night with Peggy Day.

Peggy might makes my future look so bright
Man, that girl is ought of sight
Love to spend the day with Peggy night.

Well, you know that even before I learned her name
You know I loved her just the same 
And I tell them all, wherever I may go
Just so they'll know, that she's my little lady
And I love her so.

Peggy Day stole my poor heart away
Turned my skies to blue from gray
Love to spend the night with Peggy Day.

Peggy Day stole my poor heart away
By golly, what more can I say
Love to spend the night with Peggy Day
Love to spend the night with Peggy Day.


One by one they followed the sun
One by one until there where none
Two by two to their lovers they flew
Two by two into the foggy dew.

Three by three they danced on the sea
Four by four they danced on the shore
Five by five they tried to survive
Six by six they were playing with tricks.

How many paths did he try and fail
How many of their brothers and sisters linger in jail
How much poison did their inhale
How many black cats crossed their trail.

Seven by seven they head for heaven
Eight by eight their got to the gate
Nine by nine they drank the wine
Ten by ten they drank it again.

How many tomorrows have they given away
How many compared to yesterday
How many more without any reward
How many more can they afford.

Two by two they step into the ark
Two by two they step in the dark
Three by three they're turning the key
Four by four they turn it some more.

One by one they followed the sun
Two by two to another rendezvous
Three by three don't tread on me
Four by four they're loosing the war.

Five by five can't stay alive ......


Handy Dandy controversy surrounds him
He's been around the world and back again
Something in the moonlight still hounds him.

Handy Dandy just like sugar and candy
Handy Dandy if every bone in his body were a-broken he would never admit it
He got an all girl orchestra and when he says strike up the band they hit it.

Handy Dandy
Handy Dandy
He'll say what are you made off
He'll say can you repeat what you say
You'll say what are you afraid off
He'll say nothing neither alive nor dead.

Handy Dandy he's got a stick in his hand and a pocket full of money
He'll say oh darling tell me the truth how much time I got
She'll say you got all the time in the world honey.

Handy Dandy
Handy Dandy
He got that clear crystal fountain
He got that soft silky skin
He got that fortress on the mountain
With no doors or windows so no thieves can break in.

Handy Dandy sitting with a girl named Nancy and I got feeling kinda lazy
He said Hon' if you want a gun I'll give you one
She said boy you're talking crazy.

Handy Dandy just like sugar and candy
Handy Dandy pour him another brandy
Handy Dandy he got a basket of flowers and a bag full of sorrow
He finishes his drink he gets up from the table he says
OK boys I'll see you tomorrow.

Handy Dandy
Handy Dandy just like sugar and candy
Handy Dandy just like sugar and candy.


The cat's in the well the wolf is looking down
The cat's in the well the wolf is looking down
He got a big bushy tail dragging all over the ground.

The cat's in the well the gentle lady is asleep
Cat's in the well gentle lady is asleep
She ain't hearing things silence is-a-stickin' her deep.

Cat's in the well and grief is showing it's face
The world's been slaughtered it's such a bloody disgrace.

The cat's in the well horses going bumpety bump
The cat's in the well horses going bumpety bump
But God is silent doing the American jump.

Cat's in the well and papa is reading the news
His hair's falling out and all of his daughters need shoes.

The cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull
The cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull
Tonight is so long and the table is oh so full.

The cat's in the well and the servant's at the door
The drinks are ready and the dogs are going to war.

The cat's in the well and leaves are starting to fall
The cat's in the well and leaves are starting to fall
Goodnight my love may lord have mercy on us all.


Well, I ride on a mailtrain, babe
Can't buy a thrill
Well, I've been up all night
Leanin' on the window sill
Well, if I die
On top of the hill
And if I don't make it
You know my baby will.

Don't the moon look good, mama
Shinin' through the trees ?
Don't the brakeman look good, mama
Ragging down the "Double E" ?
Don't the sun look good
Goin' down over the sea ?
Don't my gal look fine
When she's comin' after me ?

Now the wintertime is coming
The windows are filled with frost
I went to tell everybody
But I could not get across
Well, I wanna be your lover, baby
I don't wanna be your boss
Don't say I never warned you
When your train gets lost.


I had a pony, her name was Lucifer
I had a pony, her  name was Lucifer
She broke a leg and needed shooting
I swear it hurt me more than it could ever have hurted her.

Sometimes I wonder what's going on with me back
Sometimes I wonder what's going on with me back
You know she got such a sweet disposition
I never know what the poor girl's gonna do to me next.

I got a new pony, she knows how to fox-trot, lope and pace
Well, I got a new pony, she knows how to fox-trot lope and pace
She got great big hind legs
And long black shaggy hair hanging in her face.

Everybody say you're using voodoo, your feet walk by themselves 
Well, everybody say you're using voodoo, I seen your feet walk by themselves 
Oh baby, that god you been praying to
Is gonna give ya back what you're wishing on someone else.

Come over here pony, I wanna climb up one time on you 
Well, come over here pony, I wanna climb up one time on you 
Well, you're so nasty and you're so bad
But I swear I love you, yes I do.


Well, your railroad gate, you know I just can't jump it
Sometimes it gets so hard, you see
I'm just sitting here beating on my trumpet
With all these promises you left for me
But where are you tonight, sweet Marie ?

Well, I waited for you when I was half sick
Yes, I waited for you when you hated me
Well, I waited for you inside of the frozen traffic
When you knew I had some other place to be
Now where are you tonight, sweet Marie ? 

Well, anybody can be just like me, obviously
But then, now again, not too many can be like you, fortunately.

Well, six white horses that you did promise
Were fin'ly delivered down to the penitentiary
But to live outside the law, you must be honest
I know you always say that you agree
But where are you tonight, sweet Marie ?

Well I don't know how it happened
But the river-boat captain he knows my fate
But ev'rybody else, even yourself
They're just gonna have to wait.

Well, I got the fever down in my pockets
The Persian drunkard, he follows me
Yes, I can take him to your house but I can't unlock it
You see, you forgot to leave me with the key
Oh, where are you tonight, sweet Marie ?

Now, I been in jail when all my mail showed
That a man can't give his address out to bad company
And now I stand here lookin' at your yellow railroad
In the ruins of your balcony
Wond'ring where you are tonight, sweet Marie ?


He sits in your room, his tomb, with a fist full of tacks
Preoccupied with his vengeance
Cursing the dead that cant answer him back
Im sure that he has no intentions
Of looking your way, unless its to say
That he needs you to test his inventions

Can you please crawl out your window?
Use your arms and legs it wont ruin you
How can you say he will haunt you?
You can go back to him any time you want to

He looks so truthful, is this how he feels
Trying to peel the moon and expose it
With his businesslike anger and his bloodhounds that kneel
If he needs a third eye he just grows it
He just needs you to talk or to hand him his chalk
Or pick it up after he throws it

Can you please crawl out your window?
Use your arms and legs it wont ruin you
How can you say he will haunt you?
You can go back to him any time you want to

Why does he look so righteous while your face is so changed
Are you frightened of the box you keep him in
While his genocide fools and his friends rearrange
Their religion of the little tin women
That backs up their views but your face is so bruised
Come on out the dark is beginning

Can you please crawl out your window?
Use your arms and legs it wont ruin you
How can you say he will haunt you?
You can go back to him any time you want to


The evening winds are still
I've lost the way and will
Can't tell you where they went
I just know what they meant
I'm always on my guard
Admitting life is hard
Without you near me

The friend you used to be,
So near and dear to me
You slipped so far away,
Where did we go astray
I passed the old school yard,
Admitting life is hard
Without you near me

Ever since the day,
The day you went away
I felt that emptiness so wide
I don't know what's wrong or right
I just know I need strength to fight,
Strength to fight that world outside

Since we've been out of touch
I haven't felt that much
From day to barren day
My heart stays locked away
I walk the boulevard,
Admitting life is hard
Without you near me

The sun is sinking low
I guess it's time to go
I feel a chilly breeze
In place of memories
My dreams are locked and barred
Admitting life is hard
Without you near me


I pulled out for San Anton 
I never felt so good
My woman said she'd meet me there 
And of cource I knew she would
The coachman, he hit me for my hook 
And he asked me my name
I give it to him right away 
Then I hung my head in shame
Lo and behold ! Lo and behold ! 
Lookin' for my lo and behold.
Get me out here, my dear man.

I come into Pittsburg 
At six-thirty flat
I found myself a vacant seat 
An' I put down my hat
?What's the matter Molly dear 
What's the matter with your mound??
?What's it to ya, Moby Dick ? 
This is chicken town?
Lo and behold ! Lo and behold ! 
Lookin' for my lo and behold.
Get me out here, my dear man.

I bought myself 
A herd of moose 
One day she could call her own
Well, she came out the very next day 
To see where they had flown
I'm goin' down to Tennessee 
Get me a truck or somethin'
Gonna save my money and rip it up.
Lo and behold ! Lo and behold ! 
Lookin' for my lo and behold.
Get me out here, my dear man.
Now, I come in on a ferris wheel 
An' boys, I sure was slink
I come in like a ton of bricks 
Laid a few tricks on 'em
Goin' back to Pittsburg 
Count up to thirty
Round that horn and ride that herd 
Gonna thread up
Lo and behold ! Lo and behold ! 
Lookin' for my lo and behold.
Get me out here, my dear man.


Lord I'm broke, I'm hungry, ragged and dirty too
Broke and hungry, ragged and dirty too
If I clean up sweet mama, can I stay all night with you.
     
Lord, I went to my window, babe, I couldn't see through my blinds
Went to my window, babe I couldn't see through my blinds
Heard my best friend coming around I thought I heard my baby cry.

Lord, if I can't come in here, baby then just let me sit down in your door
If I can't come in here baby then just let me sit down in your door
And I would leave so soon that your man won't never know.

How can I live here baby, Lord, and feel at ease ?
How can I live here baby, Lord, and feel at ease ?
Well, that woman I got, man, she do just what she feels.

Lord you shouldn't mistreat me, baby, because I'm young and wild
Shouldn't mistreat me, baby, because I'm young and wild
You must always remember, baby, you was once a child.

'Cause I'm leaving in the morning, if I have to ride the blind
Leaving in the morning, if I have to ride the blinds
Well, I've been mistreated and I swear, I don't mind dyin'.


Too much of nothing 
Can make a man ill at ease
One man's temper might rise 
While another man's temper might freeze
In the day of confession 
We cannot mock a soul
Oh, when there's too much of nothing 
No one has control.

Say hello to Valerie 
Say hello to Vivian 
Give them all my salary
On the waters of oblivion.

When there's too much of nothing 
It can cause a man to weep
He can walk the streets and boast like 
Of what he'd like to keep
But it's all been done before 
It's all been written in the book
And where there's too much of nothing 
Nobody should look.

Say hello to Valerie 
Say hello to Vivian 
Give them all my salary
On the waters of oblivion.

And too much of nothing can make a man a liar
It can cause one man to sleep on nails 
It can cause others to eat fire
Everybody's doin' somethin' 
I heard it in a dream
But when there's too much of nothing 
It just makes a fella mean.

Say hello to Valerie 
Say hello to Vivian 
Give them all my salary
On the waters of oblivion.


Well, in my time of dying don't want nobody to mourn
All I want for you to do is take my body home
Well, well, well, so I can die easy
Well, well, well 
Well, well, well, so I can die easy
Jesus gonna make up, Jesus gonna make up
Jesus gonna make up my dying bed.

Well, meet me Jesus, meet me, meet me in the middle of the air
If these wings should fail to me, 
Lord, won't you meet me with another girl ?
Well, well, well, so I can die easy
Well, well, well
Well, well, well, so I can die easy
Jesus gonna make up, Jesus gonna make up
Jesus gonna make up my dying bed.

Lord, in my time of dying don't want nobody to cry
All I want you to do is take me when I die
Well, well, well, so I can die easy
Well, well, well
Well, well, well, so I can die easy
Jesus gonna make up, Jesus gonna make up
Jesus gonna make up my dying bed.


Well, I'm walkin' down the highway
With my suitcase in my hand
Yes, I'm walkin' down the highway
With my suitcase in my hand
Lord, I really miss my baby
She's in some far-of land.

Well, your streets are gettin' empty
Lord your highway's gettin' filled
And your streets are gettin' empty
And your highway's gettin' filled
Well, the way I love that woman
I swear it's bound to get me killed.

Well, I been gamblin' so long
Lord, I ain't got much more to lose
Yes, I been gamblin' so long
Lord, I ain't got much more to lose
Right now I'm havin' trouble
Please don't take away my highway shoes.

Well, I'm bound to get lucky, baby
Or I'm bound to die tryin'
Yes, I'm a-bound to get lucky, baby
Lord, Lord I'm a-bound to die tryin'
Well, meet me in the middle of the ocean
And we'll leave this ol' highway behind.

Well, the ocean took my baby
My baby stole my heart from me
Yes, the ocean took my baby
My baby took my heart from me
She packed it all up in a suitcase
Lord, she took it away to Italy, Italy.

So, I'm walkin' down your highway
Just as far my poor eyes can see
Yes, I'm a-walkin' down your highway
Just as far my eyes can see
From the Golden Gate Bridge
All the way to the Statue of Liberty.


Now and then there's a fool such as I
Pardon me if I'm sentimental, came to say goodbye
Don't be angry, don't be angry with me, should  I cry
When you are gone, I will dream a little dream as years go by
Now and then there is a fool, a fool such as I.

Now and then there's a fool such as I am over you
You taught me how to love and now you happened to be untrue
I am a fool but I love you, dear, yes I will until the day I die.
Now and then there is a fool, a fool such as I.

Pardon me if I'm sentimental, came to say goodbye
Don't be angry, don't be angry with me, should  I cry
When you are gone, when you are gone, I will dream a little 
I will dream as years go by
Now and then, now and then there is a fool, a fool such as I.

Now and then there's a fool, a fool such as I am over you
You taught me how to love and now you say that we are through
I am a fool, yes, but I love you dear, I will love you dear
Till the day, till the day I die
Now and then, now and then there is a fool, a fool such as I.
Now and then there is a fool, a fool such as I.
Now and then there is a fool, a fool such as I.


Time passes slowly up here in the mountain
We sit beside the bridges and walk beside the fountains
Catch the wild fishes that float though the stream
Time passes slowly when you're lost in a dream.

Once I had a sweetheart, she was fine and good-looking
She sat in the kitchen while her mama was cooking
Stared on out the window to the stars high above
Time passes slowly when you're searching for love.

Ain't no reason to go in a wagon to town
Ain't no reason to go to the fair
Ain't no reason to go up, ain't no reason to go down
Ain't no reason to go anywhere.

Time passes slowly up here in the daylight
We stare straight ahead and try so hard to stay right
Like the red rose of summer that blooms in the day
Time passes slowly and fades away.


Something there is about you that strikes a match in me
Is it the way your body moves or is it the way your hair blows free
Or is it because you remind me of something that used to be
Something that's crossed over from another century ?

Thought I'd shaken the wonder and the phantoms of my youth
Rainy days on the Great Lakes, walking the hills of old Duluth
There was me and Danny Lopez, cold eyes, black night and then there was Ruth
Something there is about you that brings back a long forgotten truth.

Suddenly I found you and the spirit in me sings
Don't have to look no further, you're the soul of many things
I could say that I'd be faithful, I could say it in one sweet, easy breath
But to you that would be cruelty and to me it surely would be death.

Something there is about you that moves with style and grace
I was in a whirlwind, now I am in some better place
My hand's on the sabre and you've picked up on the baton
Something there is about you that I can't quite put my finger on.


O little town of Bethlehem,
How still we see thee lie.
Above thy deep and dreamless sleep
The silent stars go by;
Yet in thy dark streets shineth
The everlasting Light;
The hopes and fears of all the years
Are met in thee tonight.

For Christ is born of Mary,
And, gathered all above
While mortals sleep, the angels keep
Their watch of wondering love.
O morning stars, together
Proclaim the holy birth.
And praises sing to God the King.
And peace to men on earth.

How silently, how silently
The wondrous gift is given!
So God imparts to human hearts
The blessings of His heaven.
No ear may hear His coming;
But in this world of sin,
Where meek souls will receive Him,
Still The dear Christ enters in.

Where children, pure and happy,
Pray to the Blessed Child;
Where misery cries out to thee,
Son of the Mother mild;
Where charity stands watching,
And faith holds wide the door,
The dark night wakes, the glory breaks,
And Christmas comes once more.

O Holy Child of Bethlehem,
Descend to us, we pray;
Cast out our sin and enter in;
Be born in us today!
We hear the Christmas angels
The great glad tidings tell;
O come to us, abide with us,
Our Lord Emmanuel!


Who's got a beard that's long and white
Santa's got a beard that's long and white

Who comes around on a special night
Santa comes around on a special night

Special Night, beard that's white

Must be Santa
Must be Santa
Must be Santa, Santa Clause

Who wears boots and a suit of red
Santa wears boots and a suit of red

Who wears a long cap on his head
Santa wears a long cap on his head

Cap on head, suit that's red
Special night, beard that's white

Must be Santa
Must be Santa
Must be Santa, Santa Clause

Who's got a big red cherry nose
Santa's got a big red cherry nose

Who laughs this way HO HO HO
Santa laughs this way HO HO HO

HO HO HO, cherry nose
Cap on head, suit that's red
Special night, beard that's white

Must be Santa
Must be Santa
Must be Santa, Santa Clause

Who very soon will come our way
Santa very soon will come our way

Eight little reindeer pull his sleigh
Santa's little reindeer pull his sleigh

Reindeer sleigh, come our way
HO HO HO, cherry nose
Cap on head, suit that's red
Special night, beard that's white

Must be Santa
Must be Santa
Must be Santa, Santa Clause

Dasher, Dancer, Prancer, Vixen,
Comet, Cupid, Donner and Blitzen

Reindeer sleigh, come our way
HO HO HO, cherry nose
Cap on head, suit that's red
Special night, beard that's white

Must be Santa
Must be Santa
Must be Santa, Santa Clause


Something about you that I can't shake 
Don't know how much more of this I can take
I'm under your spell.

I was knocked out and loaded in the naked night
When my last dream exploded I noticed your light
Baby, oh what a story I could tell.

It's been nice seeing you you red me like a book
If you ever want to reach me you know where to look
Baby, I'll be at the same hotel.

I'd like to help you but I'm in a bit of a jam
I'll call you tomorrow if there's phones where I am
Baby, caught between heaven and hell.

But I will be back I will survive
You'll never get rid of me as long you're alive
Baby, can't you tell.

Well it's four in the morning by the sounds of the birds
I'm staring at your picture I'm hearing your words
Baby, they ring in my head like a bell.

Turn back baby wipe your eye 
Don't think I'm leaving here without a kiss goodbye
Baby, is there anything left to tell ?

I'll see you later when I'm not so out of my head
Maybe next time I'll let the dead bury the dead
Baby, what more can I tell ?

Well the desert is hot the mountain is cursed
Pray that I don't die of thirst
Baby, two feet from the well.


Oh, there was a wealthy merchant, in London he did dwell
He had a lovely daughter, the truth to you I'll tell
Oh, the truth to you I'll tell.

She had sweethearts a-plenty and men of high degree
There was none but Jackie Frazier, her true love e'er to bee
Oh, her true lover e'er to be.

"Oh daughter, oh daughter your body I will confine
If none but Jack the sailor, would ever suit your mind
Oh, would ever suit your mind."

"This body you may imprison, my heart you can't confine
There's none but Jack the Sailor would have this heart of mine
Oh, would have this heart of mine."

Now Jackie's gone a-sailing with trouble on his mind
To leave his native country and his darling girl behind
Oh, his darling girl behind. 

She went into the tailor shop and dressed in men's array
Then she went into a vessel to convey herself away
Oh, convey herself away.

"Before you step on board, sir, your name I'd like to know"
She smiled all in her countenance, said, "They call me Jack-A-Roe"
Oh, they call me Jack-A-Roe.

"Your waist is light and slender, your fingers neat and small
Your cheeks too red and rosy for to face the cannonball"
Oh, to face the cannonball.

"I know my waist is slender and my fingers they are small
But it would not make me tremble for to see ten thousand fall"
Oh, to see ten thousand fall.

The war soon being over, they hunted all around
Among the dead and dying her darling love she found
Oh, her darling love she found.
She picked him up all in her arms and carried him to town
And sent for her physician to quickly heal his wounds
Oh, to quickly heal his wounds.

This couple, they got married, so well they did agree
This couple they got married, so why not you and me
Oh, so why not you and me ?


When the rain is blowin' in your face
And the whole world is on your case
I could offer you a warm embrace
To make you feel my love.

When the evening shadows and the stars appear
And there is no one there to dry your tears
I could hold you for a million years
To make you feel my love.

I know you haven't made your mind up yet
But I would never do you wrong
I've known it from the moment that we met
No doubt in my mind where you belong.

I'd go hungry, I'd go black and blue
I'd go crawlin' down the avenue
No, there's nothin' that I wouldn't do
To make you feel my love.

The storms are raging on the rollin' sea
And on the highway of regrets
The winds of change are blowing wild and free
You ain't seen nothin' like me yet.

I could make you happy, make your dreams come true
There's nothing that I would not do
Go to the ends of the Earth for you
To make you feel my love.


I laid on a dune I looked at the sky
When the children were babies and played on the beach
You came up behind me, I saw you go by
You were always so close and still within reach.

Sara, Sara
Whatever made you want to change your mind
Sara, Sara
So easy to look at, so hard to define.

I can still see them playing with their pails in the sand
They run to the water their buckets to fill
I can still see the shells falling out of their hands
As they follow each other back up the hill.

Sara, Sara
Sweet virgin angel, sweet love of my life
Sara, Sara
Radiant jewel, mystical wife.

Sleeping in the woods by a fire in the night
Drinking white rum in a Portugal bar
Them playing leapfrog and hearing about Snow White
You in the marketplace in Savanna-la-Mar.

Sara, Sara
It's all so clear, I could never forget
Sara, Sara
Loving you is the one thing I'll never regret.

I can still hear the sounds of those Methodist bells
I'd taken the cure and had just gotten through
Staying up for day in the Chelsea Hotel
Writing "Sad-Eyed Lady of the Lowlands" for you.

Sara, Sara
Wherever we travel we're never apart
Sara, Sara
Beautiful lady, so dear to my heart.
How did I meet you ? I don't know
A messenger sent me in a tropical storm
You were there in the winter, moonlight on the snow
And on Lily Pond Lane when the weather was warm.

Sara, Sara
Scorpio Sphinx in a calico dress
Sara, Sara
You must forgive me my unworthiness.

Now the beach is deserted except for some kelp
And a piece of an old ship that lies on the shore
You always responded when I needed your help
You gimme a map and a key to your door.

Sara, Sara
Glamorous nymph with an arrow and bow
Sara, Sara
Don't ever leave me, don't ever go.


Oh, the ragman draws circles
Up and down the block
I'd ask him what the matter was
But I know that he don't talk
And the ladies treat me kindly
And furnish me with tape
But deep inside my heart
I know I can't escape
Oh, Mama, can this really be the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile 
With the Memphis blues again.

Well Shakespeare he's in the alley
With his pointed shoes and his bells
Speaking to some French girl
Who says she knows me well
And I would send a message
To find out if she's talked
But the post office has been stolen
And the mailbox is locked
Oh, Mama, can this really be the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile 
With the Memphis blues again.

Mona tried to tell me
To stay away from the train line
She said that all the railroad men
Just drink up your blood like wine
And I said "Oh I didn't know that
But then again there's only one I've met
And he just smoked my eyelids
And punched my cigarette"
Oh, Mama, can this really be the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile 
With the Memphis blues again.
Grandpa died last week
And now he's buried in the rocks
But everybody still talks about
How badly they were shocked
But me, I expected it to happen
I knew he'd lost control
When he built a fire on Main Street
And shot it full of holes
Oh, Mama, can this really be the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile 
With the Memphis blues again.

Now the senator came down here
Showing ev'ryone his gun
Handing out free tickets
To the wedding of his son
And me, I nearly get bursted
And wouldn't it be my luck
To get caught without a ticket
And be discovered beneath a truck
Oh, Mama, can this really be the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile 
With the Memphis blues again.

Now the preacher looked so baffled
When I asked him why he dressed
With twenty pounds of headlines
Stapled to his chest
But he cursed me when I proved it to him
Then I whispered, "Not even you can hide
You see, you're just like me
I hope you're satisfied"
Oh, Mama, can this really be the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile 
With the Memphis blues again.
Now the rainman gave me two cures
Then he said, "Jump right in"
The one was Texas medicine
The other was just railroad gin
And like a fool I mixed them
And it strangled up my mind
And now, people just get uglier
And I have no sense of time
Oh, Mama, can this really be the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile 
With the Memphis blues again.

When Ruthie says come see her
In her honky-tonk lagoon
Where I can watch her waltz for free
'Neath her Panamanian moon
And I say, "Aw come on now
You know you know about my debutante"
And she says, "Your debutante just knows what you need
But I know what you want"
Oh, Mama, can this really be the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile 
With the Memphis blues again.

Now the bricks lay on Grand Street
Where the neon madmen climb
They all fall there so perfectly
It all seems so well timed
And here I sit so patiently
Waiting to find out what price
You have to pay to get out of
Going through all these things twice
Oh, Mama, is this really the end
To be stuck inside of Mobile 
With the Memphis blues again.


Farewell Angelina
The bells of the crown
Are being stolen by bandits,
I must follow the sound

The triangle tingles,
The music plays slow,
But farewell Angelina
The night is on fire and I must go

There is no use in talking
And no need for blame,
There is nothing to prove,
Everything still is the same

A table stands empty by the edge of the stream,
But farewell Angelina,
The sky is changing colors
And I must leave

The Jacks and the Queens,
They forsake the courtyard,
Fifty-Two gypsies now file past the guard

In the space where the Deuce and the Ace once ran wild,
Farewell Angelina,
The sky is folding,
I'll see you after a while

See the cross-eyed pirates sit pirched in the sun,
Shooting tin cans with a sawed off shot gun,
And the corporals and neighbors clap and cheer with each blast,
But farewell Angelina,
The sky, it is trembling
And I must leave fast

King Kong, little elves
In the rooftops, they dance
Valentino type tangos while the heroes clean hands

Shut the eyes of the dead,
Not to embarrass anyone,
Farewell Angelina,
The sky is flooding over and I must be gone

The camouflaged parrot,
He flutters from fear,
When something he doesn't know about suddenly appears

What cannot be imitated perfect must die,
Farewell Angelina,
The sky is flooding over and I must go where it is dry

Machine guns are roaring,
Puppets heave rocks,
At misunderstood visions and at the faces of clocks

Call me any name you like,
I will never deny it, 
But farewell Angelina,
The sky is erupting and I must go where it is quiet


How long can I stay
In this nowhere cafe 'fore night turns into day
I wonder why I'm so frightened of dawn
All I have and all I know
Is this dream of you which keeps me living on

There's a moment when
All old things become new again
But that moment might have come and gone
All I have and all I know
Is this dream of you which keeps me living on

I look away but I keep seeing it
I don't want to believe but I keep believing it
Shadows dance upon the wall
Shadows that seem to know it all

Am I too blind to see
Is my heart playing tricks on me
I'm lost in the crowd, all my tears are gone
All I have and all I know
Is this dream of you which keeps me living on

Everything I touch seems to disappear
Everywhere I turn, you are always here
I'll run this race until my earthly death
I'll defend this place with my dying breath

From a cheerless room
In a curtain gloom, I saw a star from Heaven fall
I turned and looked again but it was gone
All I have and all I know
Is this dream of you which keeps me living on


Hark! the herald angels sing
"Glory to the newborn King
Peace on earth and mercy mild,
God and sinners reconciled!"
Joyful, all ye nations rise;
Join the triumph of the skies;
With angelic host proclaim
"Christ is born in Bethlehem!"
Hark! the herald angels sing
"Glory to the newborn King!"

Christ, by highest heaven adored;
Christ the everlasting Lord;
Late in time behold Him come,
Offspring of the favored one.
Veiled in flesh, the Godhead see;
Hail the incarnate Deity
Pleased as man with men to dwell,
Jesus, our Emmanuel
Hark! the herald angels sing,
"Glory to the newborn King"

Hail! the heaven-born Prince of Peace!
Hail! the Son of Righteousness!
Light and life to all He brings,
Risen with healing in His wings.
Mild He lays His glory by,
Born that man no more may die;
Born to raise the sons of earth,
Born to give them second birth
Hark! the herald angels sing,
"Glory to the newborn King"


John Wesley Harding 
Was a friend to the poor
He trav'led with a gun in ev'ry hand
All along this countryside
He opened a many a door
But he was never known
To hurt a honest man.

It was down in Chaynee County
A time they talk about
With his lady by his side
He took a stand
And soon the situation there
Was all but straightened out
For he was always known
To lend a helping hand.

All across the telegraph
His name it did resound
But no charge held against him
Could they prove
And there was no man around
Who could track or chain him down
He was never known
To make a foolish move.


Well I'm sittin' in church in an old wooden chair
I knew nobody would look for me there
Sorrow and pity rule the earth and the skies
Looking for nothin' in anyone's eyes

Once I had a pretty gal, did me wrong
Now I'm marching to the city and the road ain't long

Snow flakes are fallin' around my head
Lord have mercy, it feel heavy like lead
I been hit too hard, seen too much
Nothing can heal me now but your touch

Once I had a pretty gal, she did me wrong
Now I'm marching to the city and the road ain't long

Loneliness got a mind of its own
The more people around, the more you feel alone
I'm chained to the earth like a silent slave
Trying to break free out of death's dark cave

Once I had a pretty gal, done me wrong
Now I'm marching to the city and the road ain't long

Boys in the street beginnin' to play
Girls like birds flyin' away
I'm carryin' the roses that were given to me
And I'm thinkin' about paradise wonderin' where it might be

Once I had a pretty gal, she done me wrong
Now I'm marching to the city and the road ain't long

Go over to London, maybe gay Paris
Follow the river you get to the sea
I was hopin' we could drink from life's clear streams
I was hopin' we could dream life's pleasant dreams

Once I had a pretty gal, but she done me wrong
Now I'm marching to the city and the road ain't long

Well the weak get weaker and the strong stay strong
The train keeps rollin' all night long
She looked at me with an irresistable glance
With a smile that could make all the planets dance

Once I had a pretty gal, she did me wrong
Now I'm marching to the city and the road ain't long

My house is on fire, burnin' to the skies
I thought the rain clouds, but the clouds passed by
When I'm gone you'll remember my name
I'm gonna win my way to wealth and fame

Once I had a pretty gal, but she did me wrong
Now I'm marching to the city and the road ain't long


Down over the window
From the dazzling sunlit rays
through the back alleys, through the blinds
another one of them endless days

Honey bees are buzzing
leaves begin to stir
I'm in love with my second cousin
I tell myself I could be happy forever with her

I keep listening for footsteps
but I ain't never hearing any
from the boat, I fish for bullheads
I catch a lot, sometimes too many

A summer breeze is blowin'
a squall is setting in
sometimes it's just plain stupid
to get into any kind of wind

Well the old men 'round here
sometimes they get on bad terms
with the younger men,
old, young, age don't carry weight
it doesn't matter in the end

One of the boss' hangers-on
Sometimes comes to call
At times you least expect
Tryin' to bully you, strongarm you,
inspire you with fear
It has the opposite effect

There's a new grove of trees on the outskirts of town
the old one is long gone
10 foot, 2 foot, 6 across
Burns with the bark still on

They say times are hard
if you don't believe it you can follow your nose
it don't bother me, times are hard anywhere
we'll just have to see how it goes

My old man, he's like some feudal lord
he's got more lives than a cat
I've never seen him quarrel with my mother even once
things come alive or they fall flat

You can smell the pine wood burnin'
you can hear the school bell ring
got to get up near the teacher, if you can
if you wanna learn anything

Romeo, he said to Juliet, you got a poor complexion
it don't give you an appearance or a youthful touch
Juliet said back to Romeo,
why don't you just shove off,
if it bothers you so much

They got outta here any way they could
Cold rain can give you the shivers
they went down the Ohio, the Cumberland, the Tennessee,
all the rest of them rebel rivers

If you ever try to interfere with me
or cross my path again,
you do so at the peril of your life
I'm not quite as cool, or forgiving as I sound
I've seen enough heartache and strife

My grandfather was a duck trapper,
he could do it with just dragnets and ropes (?)
my grandmother could sew new dresses out of old cloth,
I don't know if they had any dreams or hopes.

I had 'em once, though I suppose
To go along with all the ring dancing,
Christmas carols and all the Christmas eves
I left all my dreams and hopes
buried under tobacco leaves

Not always easy kicking someone up
got to wait awhile, it can be an unpleasant task
sometimes somebody wants you to give something up
And tears or not, it's too much to ask.


I got to see you baby, I don't care
It may be some place, baby, you say you where
I had a dream about you, baby
A dream about you, baby
Late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.

You got the crazy rhythm when you walk
You make me nervous when you start to talk
I had a dream about you, baby
A dream about you, baby
Late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.

Standin' on the highway, you flag me down
Said, take me, daddy, to the nearest town
I had a dream about you, baby
Had a dream about you, baby
Late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.

The join is jumpin' it's really somethin'
The beat is pumpin, my heart is thumpin'
Spent my money on you honey
My limbs are shakin, my heart is breakin'

You kiss me, baby, in the coffee stop
You made me so bad, you gotta stop
I had a dream about you, baby
Had a dream about you, baby
Late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.

The join is jumpin' it's really somethin'
The beat is pumpin, my heart is thumpin'
Spent my money on you honey
My limbs are shakin, my heart is breakin'

You had a white rag wrapped around your head
Wearing a long dress fire engine red
I had a dream about you, baby
Had a dream about you, baby
Late last night you come a-rollin' across my mind.


Everybody's asking why he couldn't adjust
Adjust to what, a dream that bust ?

They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him
That's what they did.

They said what's up is down, they said what isn't is
They put ideas in his head that he thought were his.

They took a clean-cut kid
But they made a killer out of him
That's what they did.

He was on the baseball team, he was in the marching band
When he was ten years old he had a watermelon stand.

He was a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him
That's what they did.

They said, "Listen boy, you're just a pup"
They sent him to a napalm health spa to shape up.

They gave him dope to smoke, drinks and pills
A jeep to drive, blood to spill.

They said "Congratulation, you got what it takes"
They sent him back into the race without any brakes.

They took a clean-cut kid
But they made a killer out of him
That's what they did.

He bought the American dream but it put him in doubt
Only game he could play was Russian roulette.

He drank Coca-Cola, he was eating Wonder Bread
He ate Burger Kings, he was well fed.

He went to Hollywood to see Peter O'Toole
He stole a Rolls Royce and drove in a swimming pool.

They took a clean-cut kid
But they made a killer out of him
That's what they did.

He could've sold insurance, owned a restaurant or bar
He could've been an accountant or a tennis star.

He was wearing boxing gloves, took a dive one day
Off the Golden Gate Bridge into China Bay.

His mama walks the floor, his daddy weeps and moans
They gotta sleep together in a home they don't own.

They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him
That's what they did.

Everybody's asking why he didn't adjust
All he ever wanted was somebody to trust.

They took his head and turned it inside out
He never did know what it was all about.

He had a steady job, he joined the choir
He never did plan to walk the high wire.

They took a clean-cut kid
And they made a killer out of him
That's what they did.


One more night, the stars are in sight
But tonight I'm as lonesome as can be
Oh, the moon is shinin' bright
Lighting ev'rything in sight
But tonight no light will shine on me.

Oh, it's shameful and it's sad
I lost the only pal I had
I just could not be what she wanted me to be
I will turn my head up high
To that dark and rolling sky
For tonight no light will shine on me.

I was so mistaken when I thought that she'd be true
I had no idea what a woman in love would do.

One more night, I will wait for the light
While the wind blows high above the tree
Oh, I miss my darling so
I didn't mean to see her go
But tonight no light will shine on me.

One more night, the moon is shinin' bright
And the wind blows high above the tree
Oh, I miss that woman so
I didn't mean to see her go
But tonight no light will shine on me.


Here comes Santa Claus!
Here comes Santa Claus!
Right down Santa Claus Lane!
Vixen and Blitzen and all his reindeer
Are pulling on the reins.
Bells are ringing, children singing;
All is merry and bright.
Hang your stockings and say your prayers,
'Cause Santa Claus comes tonight.

Here comes Santa Claus!
Here comes Santa Claus!
Right down Santa Claus Lane!
He's got a bag that is filled with toys
For the boys and girls again.
Hear those sleigh bells jingle jangle,
What a beautiful sight.
Jump in bed, cover up your head,
'Cause Santa Claus comes tonight


Get you a copper kettle, get you a copper coil
Fill it with new made corn mash and never more you'll toil
You'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright
Watch them just a-filling in the pale moonlight.

Build you a fire with hickory, hickory, ash and oak
Don't use no green or rotten wood, they'll get you by the smoke
You'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright
Watch them just a-filling in the pale moonlight.

My daddy he made whiskey, my granddaddy he did too
We ain't paid no whiskey tax since 1792
You'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright
Watch them just a-filling in the pale moonlight.


I'm searching for phrases
To sing your praises
I need to tell someone
It's soon after midnight
And my day has just begun

A gal named Honey
Took my money
She was passing by
It's soon after midnight
And the moon is in my eye

My heart is cheerful
It's never fearful
I've been down on the killing floors
I'm in no great hurry
I'm not afraid of your fury
I've faced stronger walls than yours

Charlotte's a harlot
Dresses in scarlet
Mary dresses in green
It's soon after midnight
And I've got a date with the fairy queen

They chirp and they chatter
What does it matter?
They lie and they dine in their blood
Two timing slim
Who's ever heard of him?
I'll drag his corpse through the mud

It's now or never
More than ever
When I met you I didn't think you'd do
It's soon after midnight
And I don't want nobody but you


I didn't mean to treat you so bad
You shouldn't take it so personal
I didn't mean to make you so sad
You just happened to be there, that's all
When I saw you say goodbye to your friends and smile
I thought that it was well understood
That you'd be comin' back in a little while
I didn't know that you were sayin' goodbye for good.

But sooner or later one of us must know
But you just did what you're supposed to do
Sooner or later one of us must know
That I really did try to get close to you.

I couldn't see what you could show me
Your scarf had kept your mouth well hid
I couldn't see how you could know me
But you said you knew me and I believed you did
When you whispered in my ear
And asked me if I was leavin' with you or her
I didn't realize just what I did hear
I didn't realize how young you were.

But sooner or later one of us must know
But you just doing what you're supposed to do
Sooner or later one of us must know
That I really did try to get close to you.

I couldn't see when it started snowin'
Your voice was all that I heard
I couldn't see where we were goin'
But you said you knew and I took your word
And then you told me later as I apologized
That you were just kiddin' me, you weren't really from the farm
And I told you, as you clawed out my eyes
That I never really meant to do you any harm.

But sooner or later one of us must know
But you just did what you're supposed to do
Sooner or later one of us must know
That I really did try to get close to you.


Chestnuts roasting on an open fire
Jack Frost nipping at your nose
Yule-tide carols being sung by a choir
And folks dressed up like Eskimos.

Everybody knows a turkey
And some mistletoe
Help to make the season bright
Tiny tots with their eyes all aglow
Will find it hard to sleep tonight.

They know that Santa's on his way
He's loaded lots of toys
And goodies on his sleigh
And every mother's child is gonna spy
To see if reindeer
Really know how to fly.

And so I'm offering this simple phrase
To kids from one to ninety-two
Although it's been said
Many times, many ways
Merry Christmas to you.


I'll remember you
When I've forgotten all the rest
You to me were true
You to me were the best
When there is no more
You cut to the core
Quicker than anyone I knew
When I'm all alone
In the great unknown
I'll remember you.

I'll remember you
At the end of the trail
I had so much left to do
I had so little time to fail
There's some people that
You don't forget
Even though you've only seen'm
One time or two
When the roses fade
And I'm in the shade
I'll remember you.

Didn't I, didn't I try to love you ?
Didn't I, didn't I try to care ?
Didn't I sleep, didn't I weep beside you
With the rain blowing in your hair.

I'll remember you
When the wind blows through the piney wood
It was you who came right through
It was you who understood
Though I'd never say
That I done it the way
That you'd have liked me to
In the end
My dear sweet friend
I'll remember you.


Oh, help me in my weakness
I heard the drifter say
As they carried him from the courtroom
And were taking him away
"My trip hasn't been a pleasant one
And my time it isn't long
And I still do not know
What it was that I've done wrong.

Well, the judge he cast his robe aside
A tear came to his eye
"You failed to understand", he said
"Why must you even try ?"
Outside the crowd was stirring
You could hear it from the door
Inside the judge was stepping down
While the jury cried for more.

"Oh, stop that cursed jury"
Cried the attendant and the nurse
"The trial was bad enough
But this is ten times worse"
Just then a bolt of lightning
Struck the courthouse out of shape
And while ev'rybody knelt to pray
The drifter did escape.


Darkness at the break of noon
Shadows even the silver spoon
The handmade blade, the child's balloon
Eclipses both the sun and moon
To understand you know too soon
There is no sense in trying.

Pointed threats, they bluff with scorn
Suicide remarks are torn
From the fools gold mouthpiece
The hollow horn plays wasted words
Proved to warn
That he not busy being born
Is busy dying.

Temptation's page flies out the door
You follow, find yourself at war
Watch waterfalls of pity roar
You feel to moan but unlike before
You discover
That you'd just be
One more person crying.

So don't fear if you hear
A foreign sound to you ear
It's alright, Ma, I'm only sighing.

As some warn victory, some downfall
Private reasons great or small
Can be seen in the eyes of those that call
To make all that should be killed to crawl
While others say don't hate nothing at all
Except hatred.

Disillusioned words like bullets bark
As human gods aim for their marks
Made everything from toy guns that sparks
To flesh-colored Christs that glow in the dark
It's easy to see without looking too far
That not much
Is really sacred.

While preachers preach of evil fates
Teachers teach that knowledge waits
Can lead to hundred-dollar plates
Goodness hides behind its gates
But even the President of the United States
Sometimes must have
To stand naked.

An' though the rules of the road have been lodged
It's only people's games that you got to dodge
And it's alright, Ma, I can make it.

Advertising signs that con you
Into thinking you're the one
That can do what's never been done
That can win what's never been won
Meantime life outside goes on
All around you.

You loose yourself, you reappear
You suddenly find you got nothing to fear
Alone you stand without nobody near
When a trembling distant voice, unclear
Startles your sleeping ears to hear
That somebody thinks
They really found you.

A question in your nerves is lit
Yet you know there is no answer fit to satisfy
Insure you not to quit
To keep it in your mind and not forget 
That it is not he or she or them or it
That you belong to.

Although the masters make the rules
For the wise men and the fools
I got nothing, Ma, to live up to.

For them that must obey authority
That they do not respect in any degree
Who despite their jobs, their destinies
Speak jealously of them that are free
Cultivate their flowers to be
Nothing more than something
They invest in.

While some on principles baptized
To strict party platforms ties
Social clubs in drag disguise
Outsiders they can freely criticize
Tell nothing except who to idolize
And then say God Bless him.

While one who sings with his tongue on fire
Gargles in the rat race choir
Bent out of shape from society's pliers
Cares not to come up any higher
But rather get you down in the hole
That he's in.

But I mean no harm nor put fault
On anyone that lives in a vault
But it's alright, Ma, if I can't please him.

Old lady judges, watch people in pairs
Limited in sex, they dare
To push fake morals, insult and stare
While money doesn't talk, it swears
Obscenity, who really cares
Propaganda, all is phony.

While them that defend what they cannot see
With a killer's pride, security
It blows the minds most bitterly
For them that think death's honesty
Won't fall upon them naturally
Life sometimes
Must get lonely.

My eyes collide head-on with stuffed graveyards
False gods, I scuff
At pettiness which plays so rough
Walk upside-down inside handcuffs
Kick my legs to crash it off
Say okay, I have had enough
What else can you show me ?

And if my thought-dreams could been seen
They'd probably put my head in a guillotine
But it's alright, Ma, it's life, and life only.


I was in your presence for an hour or so
Or was it a day ? I truly don't know
Where the sun never set, where the trees hung low
By that soft and shining sea
Did you respect me for what I did
Or for what I didn't do, or for keeping it hid ?
Did I lose my mind when I tried to get rid
Of everything you see ?

In the summertime, ah in the summertime
In the summertime, when you were with me.

I got the heart and you got the blood
We cut through iron and we cut through mud
Then came the warning that was before the flood
That set everybody free
Fools they made a mock of sin
Our loyalty they tried to win
But you were closer to me than my next af kin
When they didn't want to know or see.

In the summertime, ah in the summertime
In the summertime, when you were with me.

Strangers, they meddled in our affairs
Poverty and shame was theirs
But all that suffering was not to be compared
With the glory that is to be
And I'm still carrying the gift you gave
It's a part of me now, it's been cherished and saved
It'll be with me unto the grave
And then unto eternity.

In the summertime, ah in the summertime
In the summertime, when you were with me.


How many roads must a man walk down
Before you call him a man?
How many seas must a white dove sail
Before she sleeps in the sand?
Yes, and how many times must the cannon balls fly
Before they're forever banned?

The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind
The answer is blowin' in the wind.

Yes, and how many years can a mountain exist
Before it is washed to the sea?
Yes, and how many years can some people exist
Before they're allowed to be free?
Yes, and how many times can a man turn his head
And pretend that he just doesn't see?

The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind
The answer is blowin' in the wind.

Yes, and how many times must a man look up
Before he can see the sky?
Yes, and how many ears must one man have
Before he can hear people cry?
Yes, and how many deaths will it take 'til he knows
That too many people have died?

The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind
The answer is blowin' in the wind.


On a night like this 
I am so glad you came around
Hold on to me so tight 
And heat up some coffee grounds
We got much to talk about 
And much to reminisce
It sure is right 
On a night like this.

On a night like this 
So glad you've come to stay
Hold on to me, pretty miss 
Say you'll never go away to stray
Run your fingers down my spine 
Bring me a touch of bliss
It sure feels right 
On a night like this.

On a night like this 
I can't get any sleep
The air is so cold outside 
And the snow's so deep
Build a fire, throw on logs 
And listen to it hiss
And let it burn, burn, burn, burn 
On a night like this.

Put your body next to mine 
And keep me company
There is plenty a room for all 
So please don't elbow me.

Let the four winds blow 
Around this old cabin door
If I'm not too far off 
I think we did this once before
There's more frost on the window glass 
With each new tender kiss
But it sure feels right 
On a night like this.


I like to spend some time in Mozambique
The sunny sky is aqua blue
And all the couples dancing cheek to cheek
It's very nice to stay a week or two
And fall in love just me and you.

There's a lot of pretty girls in Mozambique
And plenty time for good romance
And everybody likes to stop and speak
To give the special one you seek a chance
Or maybe say hello with just a glance.

Lying next to her by the ocean 
Reaching out and touching her hand
Whispering your secret emotion
Magic in a magical land.

And when it's time for leaving Mozambique
To say goodbye to sand and sea
You turn around to take a final peek
And you see why it's so unique to be
Among the lovely people living free
Upon the beach of sunny Mozambique.


If you ever go to Houston better walk right
Keep your hands in your pockets and your gun-belts tied
If you're asking for drama, if you're looking for a fight
If you ever go to Houston, boy you better walk right

If you're ever down there on Bagby and Lamar
You better watch out for the man with the shining star
Better know where you're going or stay where you are
If you're ever down there on Bagby and Lamar

Well I know these streets I've been here before
I nearly got killed here during the Mexican War
Something always keeps me coming back for more
I know these streets I've been here before

If you ever go to Dallas, say hello to Mary-Ann
Say I'm still looking along the trigger, hanging on the best I can
If you see her sister Lucy, say I'm sorry I'm not there
Tell her other sister Nancy to pray the sinner's prayer

I gotta rest this fever bury it in my brain
Better keep right forward, can't spoil the game
The same way I'll leave here will be the way that I came
Gotta rest this fever bury it in my brain

Mr. policeman, can you help me find my gal
Last time I saw her was at the Magnolia Motel
If you help me find her, you can be my pal
Mr. policeman, can you help me find my gal

If you ever go to Austin, Fort Worth or San Anton'
Find the barrooms I got lost in and send my memories home
Put my tears in a bottle screw the top on tight
If you ever go to Houston, buddy you'd better walk right


My love she speaks like silence
Without ideals or violence
She doesn't have to say she's faithful
Yet she's true, like ice, like fire
People carry roses
And make promises by the hours
My love she laughs like the flowers
Valentines can't buy her.

In the dime stores and bus stations
People talk of situations
Read books, repeat quotations
Draw conclusions on the wall
Some speak of the future
My love she speaks softly
She knows there's no success like failure
And that failure's no succes at all.

The cloak and dagger dangles
Madams light the candles
In ceremonies of the horsemen
Even the pawn must hold a grudge
Statues made of match sticks
Crumble into one another
My love winks, she does not bother
She knows too much to argue or to judge.

The bridge at midnight trembles
The country doctor rambles
Bankers' nieces seek perfection
Expecting all the gifts that wise men bring
The wind howls like a hammer
The night blows rainy
My love she's like some raven
At my window with a broken wing.


Well you're coming down High Street walking in the sun
You make a dead man rise and holler she's the one
Jolene, Jolene
Baby I am the king and you're the queen

Well it's a long old highway that don't ever end
I got a Saturday Night Special, I'm back again
I'll sleep by your door, lay my life on the line
You probably don't know but I'm gonna make you mine

Jolene, Jolene
Baby I am the king and you is the queen

I keep my hands in my pocket, I'm movin' along
People think they know, but they're all wrong
You're something nice, I'm gonna bet my dice
I can't say I haven't paid the price

Jolene, Jolene
Baby I am the king and you is the queen

Well I found out the hard way, I've had my fill
You can't fight somebody with his back to a hill
Those big brown eyes, they set off a spark
If you hold me in your arms, things don't look so dark

Jolene, Jolene
Baby I am the king and you're the queen


Spirit on the water 
Darkness on the face of the deep 
I keep thinking about you baby 
I can hardly sleep 

I'm traveling by land 
Traveling through the dawn of day 
You're always on my mind 
I can't stay away

I had forgotten about you 
Then you turned up again 
I always knew 
We were meant to be more than friends 

When you're near 
It's just as plain as it can be 
I'm wild about you, girl
You ought to be a fool about me 

Can't explain 
The sources of this hidden pain 
You burned your way into my heart 
You got the key to my brain 

I've been trampling through mud 
Praying to the powers above 
I'm sweating blood 
You got a face that begs for love 

Life without you 
Doesn't mean a thing to me 
If I can't have you 
I'll throw my love into the deep blue sea 

Sometimes I wonder 
Why you can't treat me right 
You do good all day 
And then you do wrong all night 

When you're with me 
I'm a thousand times happier than I could ever say 
What does it matter 
What price I pay?

They brag about your sugar 
Brag about it all over town 
Put some sugar in my bowl 
I feel like laying down 

I'm as pale as a ghost 
Holding a blossom on a stem 
You ever seen a ghost?  
No, but you have heard of them 

I see you there 
I'm blinded by the colors I see 
I'll take good care 
Of what belongs to me 

I hear your name 
Ringing up and down the line 
I'm saying it plain 
These ties are strong enough to bind 

Now your sweet voice 
Calls out from some old familiar shrine 
I've got no choice 
Can't believe these things would ever fade from your mind 

I could live forever 
With you perfectly 
You don't ever 
Have to make a fuss over me 

>From East to West 
Ever since the world began 
I only mean it for the best 
I want to be with you in any way that I can 

I've been in a brawl 
Now I'm feeling the wall 
I'm going away baby 
I won't be back until fall 

High on the hill 
You can carry all my thoughts with you 
You've numbed my will 
This love could tear me in two 

I want be with you in paradise 
And it seems so unfair 
I can't go to paradise no more 
I killed a man back there 

You think I'm over the hill 
You think I'm past my prime 
Let me see what you got 
We can have a whopping good time


Summer days, summer nights are gone
Summer days and summer nights are gone
I know a place where there's still somethin' going on

I've got a house on the hill, I got hogs out in the mud
I've got a house on the hill, I got hogs all out in the mud
I've got a long haired woman, she got royal Indian blood

Everybody get ready, lift up your glasses and sing
Everybody get ready, lift up your glasses and sing
Well I'm standin' on the table, I'm proposin' a toast to the king

I'm driving in the flats in a Cadillac car
The girls all say "You're a worn out star"
My pockets are loaded, and I'm spending every dime
How can you say you love someone else,
you know it's me all the time

Well the fog's so thick you can't spy the land
Well the fog's so thick that you can't even spy the land
what good are you anyway if you can't stand up to some old businessman

Weddin' bells are ringin' and the choir is beginning to sing
Yes, the weddin' bells are ringin' and the choir's beginning to sing
What looks good in the day, at night is another thing

She's looking in to my eyes, and she's a-holding my hand
She looks in to my eyes, she's holding my hand
she say, "you can't repeat the past,"
I say "You can't? What do you mean you can't?
Of course you can."

Where do you come from, where do you go?
Sorry, that is nothing you would need to know
Well, my back's been to the wall so long it seems like it's stuck
Why don't you break my heart one more time, just for good luck

I got eight carburators and boys I'm usin' 'em all
well, I got eight carburators and boys I'm usin' 'em all
I'm short on gas, my motor's startin' to stall

My dogs are barking, there must be someone around
My dogs are barking, there must be someone around
I got my hammer ringin' pretty baby, but the nails ain't goin' down

If you got something to say, speak or hold your peace
Well, if you got something to say, speak now or hold your peace
If it's information you want, you can get it from the police

Politician's got on his joggin' shoes
he must be runnin' for office, got no time to lose
suckin' the blood out of the genius of generosity
you been rollin' your eyes, you been teasin' me

Standin' by God's river my soul's beginning to shake
Standin' by God's river my soul's beginning to shake
I'm countin' on you, love, to gimme a break

I'm leaving in the morning, as soon as the dark clouds lift
I'm leaving in the morning, as soon as the dark clouds lift
I'm breakin' the roof, set fire to the place as a partin' gift

Summer days, summer nights are gone
Summer days, summer nights are gone
I know a place where there's still something goin' on.


Clouds so swift
Rain won't lift
Gate won't close
Railings froze
Get your mind of wintertime
You ain't goin' nowhere
Whoo-ee ride me high
Tomorrow's the day
My bride's gonna come
Oh, oh, are we gonna fly
Down in the easy chair !

I don't care
How many letters they sent
Morning came and morning went
Pick up your money
And pack up your tent
You ain't goin' nowhere
Whoo-ee ride me high
Tomorrow's the day
My bride's gonna come
Oh, oh, are we gonna fly
Down in the easy chair !

Buy me a flute
And a gun that shoots
Tailgates some substitutes
Strap yourself
To the tree with roots
You ain't goin' nowhere
Whoo-ee ride me high
Tomorrow's the day
My bride's gonna come
Oh, oh, are we gonna fly
Down in the easy chair !Genghis Khan
He could not keep
All his kings
Supplied with sleep
We'll climb that hill no matter how steep
When we come up to it
Whoo-ee ride me high
Tomorrow's the day
My bride's gonna come
Oh, oh, are we gonna fly
Down in the easy chair !


If you're traveling in the north country fair
Where the winds hit heavy on the borderline
Remember me to one who lives there
For she was once a true love of mine.

Well, if you go when the snowflakes storm
When the rivers freeze and summer ends
Please see for me if she's wearing a coat so warm
To keep her from the howlin' winds.

Please see from me if her hair hanging down
If it curls and flows all down her breast
Please see from me if her hair hanging down
That's the way I remember her best.

Well, if you're traveling in the north country fair
Where the winds hit heavy on the borderline
Please say hello to one who lives there
She once was a true love of mine.

If you're travelin' in the north country fair
Where the winds hit heavy on the borderline
Remember me to one who lives there
She once was a true love of mine.


Come gather 'round people
Wherever you roam
And admit that the waters
Around you have grown
And accept it that soon
You'll be drenched to the bone
If your time to you
Is worth savin'
Then you better start swimmin'
Or you'll sink like a stone
For the times they are a-changin'.

Come writers and critics
Who prophesize with your pen
And keep your eyes wide
The chance won't come again
And don't speak too soon
For the wheel's still in spin
And there's no tellin' who
That it's namin'
For the loser now
Will be later to win
For the times they are a-changin'.

Come senators, congressmen
Please heed the call
Don't stand in the doorway
Don't block up the hall
For he that gets hurt
Will be he who has stalled
There's a battle outside
And it is ragin'
It'll soon shake your windows
And rattle your walls
For the times they are a-changin'.

Come mothers and fathers
Throughout the land
And don't criticize
What you can't understand
Your sons and your daughters
Are beyond your command
Your old road is
Rapidly agin'
Please get out of the new one
If you can't lend your hand
For the times they are a-changin'.

The line it is drawn
The curse it is cast
The slow one now
Will later be fast
As the present now
Will later be past
The order is
Rapidly fadin'
And the first one now
Will later be last
For the times they are a-changin'.


Oh sister when I come to lie in your arms
You should not treat me like a stranger
Our Father would not like the way that you act
And you must realize the danger.

Oh sister am I not a brother to you
And one deserving of affection ?
And is our purpose not the same on this earth
To love and follow His direction ?

We grew up together 
From the cradle to the grave
We died and were reborn
And then mysteriously saved.

Oh sister when I come to knock on your door
Don't turn away you'll create sorrow
Time is an ocean but it ends at the shore
You may not see me tomorrow.


Oh all the money that in my whole life I did spend
Be it mine right or wrongfully
I let it slip gladly to my friends
To tie up the time most forcefully
But the bottles are done
We've killed each one
And the table's full and overflowed
And the corner sign
Says it's closing time
So I'll bid farewell and be down the road.

Oh ev'ry girl that ever I've touched
I did not do it harmfully
And ev'ry girl that even I've hurt
I did not do it knowin'ly
But to remain as friends we need the time
And make demands and stay behind
And since my feet are now fast
And point away from the past
I'll bid farewell and be down the line.

Oh ev'ry foe that ever I faced
The cause was there before we came
And ev'ry cause that ever I fought
I fought it full without regret or shame
But the dark does die
As the curtain is drawn and somebody's eyes
Must meet the dawn
And if I see the day
I'd only have to stay
So I'll bid farewell in the night and be gone.

Oh ev'ry thought that's strung a knot in my mind
I might go insane if it couldn't be sprung
But it's not to stand naked under unknowin' eyes
It's for myself and my friends my stories are sung
But the time ain't tall
Yet on time you depend and no word is possessed
By no special friend
And though the line is cut
It ain't quite the end
I'll just bid farewell till we meet again.

Oh a false clock tries to tick out my time
To disgrace, distract, and bother me
And the dirt of gossip blows into my face
And the dust of rumors covers me
But if the arrow is straight
And the point is slick
It can pierce through dust no matter how thick
So I'll make my stand
And remain as I am
And bid farewell and not give a damn.


Frankie was a good girl
Everybody knows
Paid one hundred dollars
For Albert's new suit of clothes
He was her man but he done her wrong.

Albert said "I'm leaving you"
Won't be gone for long
Don't wait up for me
A-worry about me when I'm gone
He was her man but he done her wrong.

Frankie went down to the corner saloon
Get a bucket of beer
Said to the bartender
"Has my lovin' man been her ?"
He was her man but he done her wrong.

"Well, I ain't gonna tell you no stories
I ain't gonna tell you no lies
I saw Albert an hour ago
With a gal named Alice Bly"
He was her man but he done her wrong.

Frankie went down to 12th street
Lookin' up through the window high
She saw her Albert there
Lovin' up Alice Bly
He was her man but he done her wrong.

Frankie pulled out a pistol
Pulled out a forty-four
Gun went off a-rootie-toot-toot
And Albert fell on the floor
He was her man but he done her wrong.

Frankie got down upon her knees
Took Albert into her lap
Started to hug and kiss him
But there was no bringin' him back
He was her man but he done her wrong.

"Gimme a thousand policemen
Throw me into a cell
I shot my Albert dead
And now I'm goin' to hell"
He was my man but he done me wrong.

Judge said to the jury
"Plain as a thing can be
A woman shot her lover down
Murder in the second degree"
He was her man but he done her wrong.

Frankie went to the scaffold
Calm as a girl could be
Turned her eyes up toward the heavens
Said "Nearer, my God, to Thee"
He was her man but he done her wrong.


You may be an ambassador to England or France
You may like to gamble, you might like to dance
You may be the heavyweight champion of the world
You may be a socialite with a long string of pearls.

But you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
You're gonna have to serve somebody,
It may be the devil or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to serve somebody.

Might be a rock'n' roll adict prancing on the stage
Might have money and drugs at your commands, women in a cage
You may be a business man or some high degree thief
They may call you Doctor or they may call you Chief.

But you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
You're gonna have to serve somebody,
Well, it may be the devil or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to serve somebody.

You may be a state trooper, you might be an young turk
You may be the head of some big TV network
You may be rich or poor, you may be blind or lame
You may be living in another country under another name.

But you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes 
You're gonna have to serve somebody,
Well, it may be the devil or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to serve somebody.

You may be a construction worker working on a home
You may be living in a mansion or you might live in a dome
You might own guns and you might even own tanks
You might be somebody's landlord you might even own banks.

But you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes 
You're gonna have to serve somebody,
Well, it may be the devil or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to serve somebody.

You may be a preacher with your spiritual pride
You may be a city councilman taking bribes on the side
You may be working in a barbershop, you may know how to cut hair
You may be somebody's mistress, may be somebody's heir.

But you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes 
You're gonna have to serve somebody,
Well, it may be the devil or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to serve somebody.

Might like to wear cotton, might like to wear silk
Might like to drink whiskey, might like to drink milk
You might like to eat caviar, you might like to eat bread
You may be sleeping on the floor, sleeping in a king-sized bed.

But you're gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
You're gonna have to serve somebody,
It may be the devil or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to serve somebody.

You may call me Terry, you may call me Jimmy
You may call me Bobby, you may call me Zimmy
You may call me R.J., you may call me Ray
You may call me anything but no matter what you say.

You're gonna have to serve somebody, yes indeed
You're gonna have to serve somebody,
Well, it may be the devil or it may be the Lord
But you're gonna have to serve somebody.


Well I told my baby
I said "Baby, I know where you been
Well, I know who you are
And what league you played in"
You wanna ramble
To the break of dawn
You wanna ramble
To the break of dawn
You wanna ramble
To the break of dawn.

Well, the night is so empty
So quit and still
For only fifteen hundred dollars
You can have anybody killed
You wanna ramble
To the break of dawn
You wanna ramble
To the break of dawn
You wanna ramble
To the break of dawn.

Well, I told my baby
Further down the line
I said, "What happens tomorrow
Is on your head, not mine"
You wanna ramble
To the break of dawn
You wanna ramble
To the break of dawn
You wanna ramble
To the break of dawn.


Done laid around, done stayed around
This old town too long
Summer's almost gone, winter's coming on
Done laid around, done stayed around
This old town too long
And it seems like I've got to travel on
And it seems like I've got to travel on.

Papa writes to Johnny, "Johnny, can't you come home ?
Johnny, can't you come home ? Johnny, can't you come home ?"
Papa writes to Johnny, "Johnny, can't you come home ?"
Johnny's been out on the road too long
Done laid around, done stayed around
This old town too long
And it seems like I've got to travel on
And it seems like I've got to travel on.

That silly wind will soon begin and I'll be on my way
Going home to stay, going home to stay
That silly wind will soon begin and I'll be on my way
And I feel like I just want to travel on
Done laid around, done stayed around
This old town too long
And it seems like I've got to travel on
And it seems like I've got to travel on.

There's a lonesome freight at 6.08 coming through the town
I'll be homward bound, I'll be homeward bound
There's a lonesome freight at 6.08 coming through the town
And I feel like I just want to travel on
Done laid around, done stayed around
This old town too long
And it seems like I've got to travel on
And it seems like I've got to travel on.


The man in me will do nearly any task
As for compensation, there's a little he will ask
Take a woman like you 
To get through to the man in me.

Storm clouds are raging all around my door
I think to myself I might not take it anymore
Take a woman like your kind 
To find the man in me.

But, oh what a wonderful feeling
Just to know that you are near
It sets my heart a-reeling
From my toes up to my ears.

The man in me will hide sometimes to keep from being seen
But that's just because he doesn't want to turn into some machine
Take a woman like you 
To get through to the man in me.


Blue moon, you saw me standing alone
Without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own.

Blue moon, you knew just what I was there for
You heard me saying a prayet for someone I really could care for.

And suddenly there appeared before me the only one my arms could ever hold
I heard someone whisper, "Please, adore me"
And when I looked my moon had turned to gold.

Blue moon, now I'm no longer alone
Without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own
Without a love of my own.


Well, you can tell everybody 
Down in ol' Frisco
Tell 'em 
Tiny Montgomery says hello.

Now, every boy and girl's 
Gonna get their bang 
'Cause Tiny Montgomery's 
Gonna shake that thing
Tell everybody 
Down in ol' Frisco 
That Tiny Montgomery's comin' 
Down to say hello.

Skinny Moo and Halftrack Frank
They're gonna both be gettin 
Outta the tank
One bird book 
And a buzzard and a crow, 
Tell 'em all 
That Tiny's gonna say hello.

Scratch your dad
Do that bird
Suck that pig 
And bring it on home
Pick that drip 
And nose that dope
Tell 'em all 
That Tiny says hello.

Now, he's king of the drunks 
An' he squeezes, too
Watch out, Lester
Take it Lou
Join the monks
The C.I.O, 
Tell 'em all 
That Tiny Montgomery says hello.
Now grease that pig 
And sing praise
Go on out
And gas that dog
Trick on in
Honk that stink
Take it down
And watch it grow
Play it low
And pick it up
Take it on in
In a plucking cup
Three-legged man 
And a hot-lipped hoe
Tell 'em all 
Montgomery says hello.

Well, you can tell ev'rybody
Down in ol' Frisco
Tell 'em all
Montgomery says hello.


A bullet from the back of a bush took Medgar Evers' blood
A finger fired the trigger to his name
A handle hid out in the dark
A hand set the spark
Two eyes took the aim
Behind a man's brain
But he can't be blamed
He's only a pawn in their game.

A South politician preaches to the poor white man
"You got more than blacks, don't complain
You're better than them, you been born with white skin" they explain
And the Negro's name
Is used it is plain
For the politician's gain
As he rises to fame
And the poor white remains
On the caboose of the train
But it ain't him to blame
He's only a pawn in their game.

The deputy sheriffs, the soldiers, the governors get paid
And the marshals and cops get the same
But the poor white man's used in the hands of them all like a tool
He's taught in his school
From the start by the rule
That the laws are with him
To protect his white skin
To keep up his hate
So he never thinks straight
'Bout the shape that he's in
But it ain't him to blame
He's only a pawn in their game.

From the powerty shacks, he looks from the cracks to the tracks
And the hoof beats pound in his brain
And he's taught how to walk in a pack
Shoot in the back
With his fist in a clinch
To hang and to lynch
To hide 'neath the hood
To kill with no pain
Like a dog on a chain
He ain't got no name
But it ain't him to blame
He's only a pawn in their game.

Today, Medgar Evers was buried from the bullet he caught
They lowered him down as a king
But when the shadowy sun sets on the one
That fired the gun
He'll see by his grave
On the stone that remains
Carved next to his name
His epitaph plain:
Only a pawn in their game.


Wiggle wiggle wiggle like a gypsy queen
Wiggle wiggle wiggle all dressed in green
Wiggle wiggle wiggle till the moon is blue
Wiggle till the moon sees you.

Wiggle wiggle wiggle in your boots and shoes
Wiggle wiggle wiggle you got nothing to loose
Wiggle wiggle wiggle like a swarm of bees
Wiggle on your hands and knees.

Wiggle to the front wiggle to the rear
Wiggle till you wiggle right out of here
Wiggle till it opens wiggle till it shuts
Wiggle till it bites wiggle till it cuts.

Wiggle wiggle wiggle like a bowl of soap
Wiggle wiggle wiggle like a rolling hoop
Wiggle wiggle wiggle like a ton of lead
Wiggle you can raise the dead.

Wiggle till you're high wiggle till you're higher
Wiggle till you vomit fire
Wiggle till it whispers wiggle till it hums
Wiggle till it answers wiggle till it comes.

Wiggle wiggle wiggle like satin and silk
Wiggle wiggle wiggle like a pail of milk
Wiggle wiggle wiggle all rattle and shake
Wiggle like a big fat snake !


As I went out one morning
To breathe the air around Tom Paine's
I spied the fairest damsel
That ever did walk in chains
I offer'd her my hand
She took me by the arm
I knew that very instant
She meant to do me harm.

"Depart from me this moment"
I told her with my voice
Said she, "But I don't wish to"
Said I, "But you have no choice"
"I beg you, sir", she pleaded
From the corners of her mouth
"I will secretly accept you
And together we'll fly south".

Just then Tom Paine, himself
Came running from across the field
Shouting at this lovely girl
And commanding her to yield
And as she was letting go her grip
Up Tom Paine did run
"I'm sorry, sir", he said to me
"I'm sorry for what she'd done".


I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more
No, I aint gonna work on Maggie's farm no more
Well, I wake up in the morning
Fold my hands and pray for rain
I got a head full of ideas
That are drivin' me insane
It's a shame the way she makes me scrub the floor
I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more.

I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more
No, I aint gonna work for Maggie's brother no more
Well, he hands you a nickel
He hands you a dime
He asks you with a grin
If you're havin' a good time
Then he fines you every time you slam the door
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother more.

I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more
No, I aint gonna work for Maggie's pa no more
Well, he puts his cigar
Out in your face just for kicks
His bedroom window 
It is made out of bricks
The National Guard stands around his door
Ah, I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more.

I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more
No, I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more
Well, when she talks to all the servants
About man and God and law
Everybody says
She's the brains behind pa
She's sixty-eight, but she says she's twenty-four
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more.

I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more
I aint gonna work on Maggie's farm no more
Well, I try my best
To be just like I am
But everybody wants you
To be just like them
They say sing while you slave and I just get bored
I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more.


O come, all ye faithful,
Joyful and triumphant,
O come ye,
O come ye to Bethlehem;
Come and behold Him
Born the King of angels;
O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him,
Christ, the Lord.

Sing, choirs of angels,
Sing in exultation,
Sing, all ye citizens
Of heaven above;
Glory to God,
Glory in the highest;
O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him,
Christ, the Lord.

Yea, Lord, we greet Thee,
Born this happy morning,
Jesus, to Thee be
All glory given;
Son of the Father,
Now in flesh appearing;
O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him,
O come, let us adore Him,
Christ, the Lord.


Thunder on the mountain, and there's fires on the moon 
A ruckus in the alley and the sun will be here soon
Today's the day, where I'm gonna grab my trombone and blow 
Well, there's hot stuff here and it's everywhere I go 

I was thinking about Alicia Keys, couldn't keep from crying 
When she was born in Hell's Kitchen, I was living down the line 
I'm wondering where in the world Alicia Keys could be 
I been looking for her even clear through Tennessee

Feel like my soul is beginning to expand 
Look into my heart and you will sort of understand 
You brought me here, now you're trying to turn me away 
The writing on the wall, come read it, come see what it does say 

Thunder on the mountain, rolling like a drum 
Going to sleep over there, that's where the music is coming from 
I don't need any guide, I already know the way 
Remember this, I'm your servant both night and day 

The pistols are popping and the power is down 
I'd like to try something but I'm so far from town 
The sun keeps shining and the North Wind keeps picking up speed 
Gonna forget about myself for a while, gonna go out and see what others need 

I've been sitting down studying the art of love 
I think it will fit me like a glove 
I want some real good woman to do just what I say 
Everybody got to wonder what's the matter with this cruel world today 

Thunder on the mountain rolling to the ground 
Gonna get up in the morning walk the hard road down 
Some sweet day I'll stand beside my King 
I wouldn't betray your love or any other thing 

Gonna raise me an army, some tough sons of bitches 
I'll recruit my army from the orphanages 
I been to St. Herman's church, said my religious vows 
As I've sucked the milk out of a thousand cows 

I've got the pork chops, she's got the pie 
She ain't no angel and neither am I 
Shame on your greed, shame on your wicked schemes 
I'll say this, I don't give a damn about your dreams 

Thunder on the mountain heavy as can be 
Mean old twister bearing down on me 
All the ladies in Washington scrambling to get out of town 
Looks like something bad is going to happen, better roll your airplane down 

Everybody going and I want to go too 
Don't wanna take a chance with somebody new 
I did all I could, I did it right there and then 
I've already confessed, no need to confess again 

Gonna make a lot of money, gonna go up North 
I'll plant and I'll harvest what the earth brings forth 
The hammer's on the table, the pitchfork's on the shelf 
For the love of God, you ought to take pity on yourself.


Talk about me babe, if you must.
Throw out the dirt; pile on the dust.
I'd do the same thing if I could
You know what they say? They say it's all good.
All good.
It's all good.

Big politician telling lies;
Restaurant kitchen all full of flies.
Don't make a bit of difference; don't see why it should.
But it's alright, cause its all good.
Its all good.
Its all good.

Wives are leavin' their husbands; they're beginning to roam.
They leave the party and they never get home.
I wouldn't change it even if I could
You know what they say, man, it's all good.
It's all good.
All good.

Brick by brick, they tear you down.
A teacup of water is enough to drown.
You oughta know, if they could, they would
Whatever goin' down, it's all good.

All good.
Said it's all good.

People in the country, People on the land.
Some of them so sick they can hardly stand.
Everybody would move away if they could
Its hard to believe but its all good.
Yeah...

Well widows cry; the orphans plea.
Everywhere you look there's more misery.
Come along with me babe, I wish you would.
You know what I'm sayin', it's all good.

All good.
I said it's all good.
All good.

Cold blooded killer stomp into town
Cop car's blinkin', something bad goin' down.
Buildings are crumblin, in the neighborhood.
But there's nothing to worry about, cause it's all good.
It's all good.
I say it's all good.

Gonna whistle and blow it in your face.
This time tomorrow I'll be rollin' in your place.
I wouldn't change a thing even if I could.
You know what they say?
They say it's all good.
It's all good.
It's all good.


God don't make promises that He don't keep
You got some big dreams baby, but in order to dream you gotta still be asleep.

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up 
When you gonna wake up strengthen the things that remain ?

Counterfeited philosophies have polluted all of your thoughts
Karl Marx has got ya by the throat, Henry Kissinger's got you tied up in knots.

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up 
When you gonna wake up strengthen the things that remain ?

You got innocent men in jail, your insane asylums are filled
You got unrighteous doctors dealing drugs that'll never cure your ills.

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up 
When you gonna wake up  strengthen the things that remain ?

You got men who can't hold their peace and woman who can't control their tongues
The rich seduce the poor and the old are seduced by the young.

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up 
When you gonna wake up strengthen the things that remain ?

Adulterers in churches and pornography in the schools
You got gangsters in power and lawbreakers making rules.

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up 
When you gonna wake up strengthen the things that remain ?

Spiritual advisors and gurus to guide your every move
Instant inner peace and every step you take has got to be approved.

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up 
When you gonna wake up strengthen the things that remain ?

Do you ever wonder just what God requires ?
You think He's just an errand boy to satisfy your wandering desires.

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up 
When you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain ?

You can't take it with you and you know that it's too worthless to be sold
They tell you, 'Time is money' as if your life was worth its weight in gold.

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up 
When you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain ?

There's a man up on a cross and He's been crucified for you
Believe in His power that's about all you got to do.

When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up 
When you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain ?


After a while we took in the clothes 
Nobody said very much
Just some old wild shirts and a couple pairs of pants 
Which nobody really wanted to touch
Mama come in and picked up a book 
An' Papa asked her what it was
Someone else asked, "What do you care?"
Papa said, "Well, just because?"
Then they started to take back their clothes 
Hang'em on the line
It was January the thirtieth 
And everybody was feelin' fine.

The next day, everybody got up 
Seein' if the clothes were dry
The dogs were barking, a neighbor passed 
Mama, of cource, she said, "Hi"
"Have you heard the news?" he said with a grin 
"The Vice President's gone mad"
"Where?" "Downtown." "When?" "Last night" 
"Hmm, say, that's too bad"
"Well, there's nothing we can do about it," said the neighbor 
"It's just something we're gonna have to forget"
"Yes, I guess so" said Ma 
Then she asked me if the clothes was still wet.

I reached up, touched my shirt 
And the neighbor said, "Are those clothes yours?"
I said, "Some of them, not all of them" 
He said, "Ya always help out around here with the chores ?"
I said, "Sometime, not all the time" 
Then my neighbor he blew his nose
Just as papa yelled outside 
"Mama wants you to come back in the house and bring them clothes"
Well, I just do what I'm told so I did it, of course
I went back in the house and Mama met me 
And then I shut all the doors.


Oh well, I love you pretty baby
You're the only love I've ever known
Just as long as you stay with me
The whole world is my throne
Beyond here lies nothin'
Nothin' we can call our own

Well, I'm movin' after midnight
Down boulevards of broken cars
Don't know what I'd do without it
Without this love that we call ours
Beyond here lies nothin'
Nothin' but the moon and stars

Down every street there's a window
And every window's made of glass
We'll keep on lovin' pretty baby
For as long as love will last
Beyond here lies nothin'
But the mountains of the past

Well, my ship is in the harbor
And the sails are spread
Listen to me, pretty baby
Lay your hand upon my head
Beyond here lies nothin'
Nothin' done and nothin' said


Uttering idle words from a reprobate mind
Clinging to strange promises, dying on the line
Never being able to separate the good from the bad
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it
It's making me feel so bad.

Dead man, dead man
When will you arise ?
Cobwebs in your mind
Dust upon your eyes.

Satan got you by the heel, there's bird's nest in your hair
Do you have any faith at all ? Do you have any love to share ?
The way that you hold you head, cursing God with every move
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it
What are you trying to prove ?

Dead man, dead man
When will you arise ?
Cobwebs in your mind
Dust upon your eyes.

The glamour and the bright lights, and the politics of sin
The ghetto that you build for me is the one you're living in
The race of the engine that overrules your heart
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it
Pretending that you're so smart.

Dead man, dead man
When will you arise ?
Cobwebs in your mind
Dust upon your eyes.

What are you trying to overpower me with, the doctrine or the gun ?
My back is already to the wall, where can I run ?
The tuxedo that you're wearing, the flower in your lapel
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it
You wanna take me down to hell.

Dead man, dead man
When will you arise ?
Cobwebs in your mind
Dust upon your eyes.


Far between sundown's finish an' midnight's broken toll
We ducked inside the doorway, thunder crashing
As majestic bells of bolts struck shadows in the sounds
Seeming to be the chimes of freedom flashing
Flashing for the warriors whose strength is not to fight
Flashing for the refugees on the unarmed road of flight
An' for each an' ev'ry underdog soldier in the night
An' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.

In the city's melted furnace, unexpectedly we watched
With faces hidden as the walls were tightening
As the echo of the wedding bells before the blowin' rain
Dissolved into the bells of the lightning
Tolling for the rebel, tolling for the rake
Tolling for the luckless, the abandoned an' forsaked
Tolling for the outcast, burnin' constantly at stake
An' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.

Through the mad mystic hammering of the wild ripping hail
The sky cracked its poems in naked wonder
That the clinging of the church bells blew far into the breeze
Leaving only bells of lightning and its thunder
Striking for the gentle, striking for the kind
Striking for the guardians and protectors of the mind
An' the poet an the painter far behind his rightful time
An' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.

In the wild cathedral evening the rain unraveled tales
For the disrobed faceless forms of no position
Tolling for the tongues with no place to bring their thoughts
All down in taken-for granted situations
Tolling for the deaf an' blind, tolling for the mute
For the mistreated, mateless mother, the mistitled prostitute
For the misdemeanor outlaw, chased an' cheated by pursuit
An' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.

Even though a clouds's white curtain in a far-off corner flashed
An' the hypnotic splattered mist was slowly lifting
Electric light still struck like arrows, fired but for the ones
Condemned to drift or else be kept from drifting
Tolling for the searching ones, on their speechless, seeking trail
For the lonesome-hearted lovers with too personal a tale
An' for each unharmfull, gentle soul misplaced inside a jail
An' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.

Starry-eyed an' laughing as I recall when we were caught
Trapped by no track of hours for they hanged suspended
As we listened one last time an' we watched with one last look
Spellbound an' swallowed 'til the tolling ended
Tolling for the aching whose wounds cannot be nursed
For the countless confused, accused, misused, strung-out ones an' worse
An' for every hung-up person in the whole wide universe
An' we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.


Nobody feels any pain
Tonight as I stand inside the rain
Ev'rybody knows
That Baby's got new clothes
But lately I see her ribbons and her bows
Have fallen from her curls
She takes just like a woman, yes she does
She makes love just like a woman, yes she does
And she aches just like a woman
But she breaks just like a little girl.

Queen Mary, she's my friend
Yes, I believe I'll go see her again
Nobody has to guess
That Baby can't be blessed
Till she finally sees that she's like all the rest
With her fog, her amphetamine and her pearls
She takes just like a woman, yes she does
She makes love just like a woman, yes she does
And she aches just like a woman
But she breaks just like a little girl.

It's was raining from the first
And I was dying there of thirst
So I came in here
And your long-time curse hurts
But what's worse
Is this pain in here
I can't stay in here
Ain't it clear that.

I just can't fit
Yes, I believe it's time for us to quit
When we meet again
Introduced as friends
Please don't let on that you knew me when
I was hungry and it was your world
Ah, you fake just like a woman, yes you do
You make love just like a woman, yes you do
Then you ache just like a woman
But you break just like a little girl.


You're gonna quit me, baby
Good as I been to you, Lawd, Lawd
Good as I been to you, Lawd, Lawd
Good as I been to you.

Give you my money, honey
Buy you shoes and clothes, Lawd, Lawd.

You're gonna quit me, baby
Put me outta doors, Lawd, Lawd.

Six months on the chain gang
Believe me, it ain't no fun, Lawd, Lawd.

Jailhouse ain't no plaything
Believe me, ain't no lie, Lawd, Lawd.

Day you quit me, baby
That's the day you die, Lawd, Lawd.


It was late last night when the boss came home
To wander early his mansion and a desolate throne
Servant said boss the ladies gone
She left this morning just before dawn

You got something to tell me, tell it to me man
Come to the point as straight as you can
Old henry lee chief of the clan
Came riding through the woods and took her by the hand

The boss he lay back flat on his bed
He cursed the heat and he clutched his head
He pondered the future of his fate
To wait another day would be far too late

Go fetch me my coat and my tie
And the cheapest labour that money can buy
Saddle me up my buckskin mare
If you see me go by put up a prayer

Well they rode all night and they rode all day
Eastward long on the broad highway
His spirit was tired and his vision was bent
His men deserted him and onward he went

He came to a place where the land was dull
His poor head pounding in his skull
Heavy heart was racked with pain
Insomnia raging in his brain

Well he threw down his helmet and his cross handle sword
He renounced his faith he denied his lord
Crawled on his belly put his ear to the wall
One way or another put an end to it all

He leaned down cut the electric wire
Stared into the flames and he snorted the fire
Peered through the darkness caught a glimpse of the two
Hard to tell for certain who was who

He lowered himself down on a golden chain
His nerves were quickening every vein
His knuckles were bloody he sucked in the air
He ran his fingers through his greasy hair

They looked at each other and their glasses clinked
One single unit inseparably linked
Got a strange premonition there's a man close by
Don't worry about him he wouldn't harm a fly

From behind the curtain the boss crossed the floor
He moved his feet and he bolted the door
Shadows hiding the lines in his face
With all the nobility of an ancient race

She turned she was startled by a look of surprise
With the hatred that could hit the skies
You're a reckless fool I could see it in your eyes
To come this way was by no means wise

Get up stand up you greedy lipped wench
And cover your face with some other consequence
You are making my heart feel sick
Put your clothes on double quick

Sill boy you think me a saint
To listen no more to your words of complaint
You've given me nothing but the sweetest lies
Now hold your tongue and feed your eyes

Id have given you the stars and the planets too
What good are these things to you
By the heart if not the knee
Or never again this world you see

Oh please let not your heart be cold
This man is dearer to me than gold
Oh my dear you must be blind
He's a gutless ape with a worthless mind

You've had your way too long with me
Now its me who will determine how things will be
Tried to escape he cussed and cursed
You'll have to try get passed me first

I dared not let your passion rule
You think my heart the heart of a fool
And you sir you can not deny
You made a monkey of me for what and for why

Ill have no more of this insulting chat
The devil can have you I'll see to that
Look sharp or step aside
Or in the cradle you'll wish you died

The gun went boom and the shot rang clear
The first bullet grazed his ear
Second ball went right straight in
And he bent in the middle like a twisted bin

He crawled to the corner and he lowered his head
He grabbed the chair and he grabbed the bed
It would take more than needle and thread
Bleeding from the mouth he's as good as dead

You shot my husband down you fiend
Husband what, husband what the hell do you mean
He was man of strife a man of sin
I cut him down and I throw him to the wind

Hear this she said with angry breath
You too shall meet the lord of death
It was I who brought your soul to life
And she raised her robe and she drew out a knife

His face was hard and caked with sweat
His arms ached and his hands were wet
You're a murderous woman and bloody wife
If you don't mind ill have the knife

We're two of a kind and our blood runs hot
But we're no way similar in body or thought
All husbands are good men is all I knew
Then she pierced him to the heart and his blood did flow

His knees went limp and he reached for the door
His doom was sealed he slipped to the floor
He whispered in her ear this is all your fault
My fighting days have come to a halt

She touched his lips and kissed his cheek
He tried to speak but his breath was weak
You die for me I will die for you
She put the blade to her heart and she ran it though

All three lovers together in a heap
Thrown into the grave forever to sleep
Funeral torches blazed away
Through the towns and the villages all night and all day


Well, I'm stranded in the city that never sleeps
Some of these women they just give me the creeps
I'm avoidin' the south side the best I can
These memories I got they can strangle a man
Well, I came ashore in the dead of the night
Lot of things can get in the way when you're tryin' to do what's right

You don't understand it, my feelin' for you
You'd be honest with me if you only knew

I'm not sorry for nothing I've done
I'm glad I fought, I only wish we won
The Siamese twins are comin' to town
People can't wait, they've gathered around
When I left my home the sky split open wide
I never wanted to go back there, I'd rather have died

You don't understand it, my feelin' for you
You'd be honest with me if only you knew

My woman got a face like a teddy bear
She's tossin' a baseball bat in the air
The meat is so tough you can't cut it with a sword
I'm crashin' my car trunk first into the board
They say that my eyes are pretty and my smile is nice
Well, I'd sell it to ya at a reduced price

You don't understand it, my feeling for you
You'd be honest with me if only you knew

Some things are too terrible to be true,
I won't come here no more if it bothers you.
There's a Southern Pacific leaving at 9:45
I'm havin' a hard time, believing some people we're ever alive
I'm stark naked but I don't care
I'm goin' off into the woods I'm hunt'n' bear
You don't understand it, my feeling for you
Well, you'd be honest with me if only you knew

I'm here to create the new imperial empire
I'm gonna do whatever circumstances require
I care so much for you, didn't think I could
I can't tell my heart that you're no good
Well, my parents, they warned me not to risk my years
And I still got their advice oozing out of my ears

You don't understand it, my feeling for you
Well, you'd be honest with me if only you knew
